<!--Soir d'hiver by Lemonhaze-->
<!--J’ai toujours pensé que les amours naissent les soirs d'hiver.  L’air frais, la lune qui éclaire, les joues rosées, “J’erre” et “Je ne sais pas” de Dumas. Quelque part à Montréal... probablement dans le vieux port. Je peux encore sentir l’air de la ville, près du fleuve, et entendre la nuit même si ça fait bientôt 3 ans que je n’y suis pas retourné. Time is passing by. Elle me manque ma terre natale. - FNST-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG on-chain.-->
<!--Made with p5js - between December 2023 and January 2024-->

<!--Mirage by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A vivid interplay between true happiness and misleading hope, where real fulfillment is found in harmonizing dreams with reality.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 3200 x 1800 high resolution PNG on-chain-->
<!--Made with Krita & p5js-->

<!--Fuck You by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1000x1164 high resolution PNG onchain-->
<!--Never, ever again will I wait and depend on someone else to release my own work - this is the first and last time - FNST-->

<!--Relapse by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG on-chain-->
<!--My love is not home, she's in a work retreat for a month. So far, the first two weeks have been ugly on my end. I slipped again. I need to be held accountable and the only way is by telling her about my relapses so that she can keep an eye on me. But if I do she's gonna leave me for good this time. And quite frankly, I don't want to put this weight on her shoulders again. Meanwhile, from the outside, things seems to be going well for me lately yet the truth is, I'm miserable as can be. -FNST -->

<!--Birthday Gift To My Mom by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high-resolution PNG-->
<!--Bonne Fete Maman. Je t'aime et je penses pas a toi. Tu me manque, if only you knew. I wish things weren't like they are and I know time is passing us by. I hope I can soon find the strengh to get back home someday and enjoy some of the time we have left together. ton fils -FNST-->

<!--Saint-Laurent by Lemonhaze-->
<!--The original photo was taken by my love, Cathy. We were biking to Montreal from Brossard along the Fleuve Saint-Laurent a morning somewhere in 2014 or 2015, I can't remember exactly. And this photo ended up being the cover photo for one of my song titled 'Saint-Laurent' that I published on Soundcloud at the time. If you're looking you might still be able to find that song. More broadly this work here today is the start of something I've been thinking for a while. Integrating photographies from my upcoming trips in Asia and US into my p5js structure and play with this. Let's see how it goes. Cheers and love you my love. -FNST-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to d

<!-- by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official inscription content link and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the high resolution PNG-->
<!--I may not be part of the conversation off-chain but historians will look on-chain and I will not forget the fade. - FNST-->

<!--Nothing serious (la bourgeoisie) by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the high resolution PNG-->
<!--Free as a bird -FNST-->

<!--Encore Moins Sérieux (La Bourgeoisie Acte 2) by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and press 'S'on your keyboard to download the original high resolution PNG-->
<!--Everything happens for a reason... now that it looks like the girl who got fucked by the entire team I no longer want it... and that's a good thing. Being forced to create my own thing is the gift I was given today. -FNST-->

<!--My Little Dragon by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official inscription link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the high resolution PNG-->
<!--Bonne fete my love. C'est le temps de l'annee où nous avons le meme age pour quelques semaines, profites-en AHAH :) Je t'aime fort, you're my rock and my motivation. Tu es une femme merveilleuse et je ne pourrais demander mieu depuis tout ce temps. I want to thank you for everything you've done the past couple years when building our first little house. I appreciate all that you do for us and for me and I want you to know that I'm grateful for your support and for believing in me all this time. Aujourdhui c'est ta fete, mais sache qu'en realite chaque jours est pour toi. Je t'aime my love, my little dragon -FNST -->

<!--Ink Running Low (fake sharpie) by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the high resolution PNG-->
<!--fake plastic trees, radiohead -FNST-->

<!--Grifters' Paradise (Tales of Ordinals) by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and double click to downloa the high-resolution PNG-->
<!--Disrespect intensifies and now goes both ways. I make art for myself and fuck them.-FNST-->

<!--Already Cancelled by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and double click to download the high-resolution PNG-->
<!--I'm already cancelled, I might as well have some fun.-FNST-->

<!--Pennsylvania by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and double click to download the high-resolution PNG-->
<!--I created this piece from the Philippines very late last night (the night of July 13-14) just to wake up a few hours later and learn about the assassination attempt on Donald Trump. Glad he's alive because the world would have been different now, although it's different already. This made me think of when my grandfather was diagnosed with throat cancer (lifelong alcoholic and smoker), he kept smoking until the very last day. Do not underestimate the power of denial, resignation, and self-destruction and keep in mind most people will double down instead of admitting they were wrong. The brainwashing and propaganda machine is real. While it goes both ways (and we all have our bias), I ultimately try to believe the evidence of my eyes, my ears and my heart and I firmly believe all of this has gone too far and been wrong for way too long. The human race needs to wake the fuck up! Sadly I think the worst is yet to come but I profoundly hope I'm wrong, stay safe everyone! -FNST.-->
<html><head><meta charset="utf-8"><style>body{margin:0;}</style></head><body><script

<!--The Men Who Wanted to be Left Alone by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and double click to download the high-resolution PNG-->
<!--“The most terrifying force of death comes from the hands of Men who wanted to be left Alone. They try, so very hard, to mind their own business and provide for themselves and those they love. They resist every impulse to fight back, knowing the forced and permanent change of life that will come from it. They know that the moment they fight back, their lives as they have lived them, are over. The moment the Men who wanted to be left alone are forced to fight back, it is a form of suicide. They are literally killing off who they used to be. Which is why, when forced to take up violence, these Men who wanted to be left alone, fight with unholy vengeance against those who murdered their former lives. They fight with raw hate, and a drive that cannot be fathomed by those who are merely play-acting at politics and terror. True terror will arrive at these people’s door, and they will cry, scream, and beg for mercy… but it will fall upon the deaf ears of the Men who just wanted to be left alone.” – Author Unknown-->
<!--Bedtime story found on the internet... 1984 -FNST-->

<!--Wondrous Place by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and double click to download the high resolution PNG-->
<!--"I found a place full of charms
A magic world in my baby's arms
Her soft embrace like satin and lace
Wondrous place.
What a spot in a storm
To cuddle up and stay nice and warm
Away from harm in my baby's arms
Wondrous place.
Man I'm nowhere
When I'm anywhere else
But I don't care
Everything's right when she holds me tight.
Her tender hands on my face
I'm in heaven in her embrace
I want to stay and never go away
Wondrous place." - Billy Fury (Bill Giant) & Jeff Lewis & Catching Flies (Remix)-->
<!--Everytime I'm alone for too long, I find myself back to square one. Addiction.-FNST--

<!--Trainspotting Dreams by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and double click to download the high-resolution PNG-->
<!--I'm back to square one. She's in a retreat on an island and I'm staying in town for a month. It's been a week since I'm alone and I failed every step of the way. So far it's none-stop, faux-pas after faux-pas. Can you help me dodge this one? - FNST-->
<html><head><meta charset="utf-8"><style>body{margin:0;}</style></head><body><script

<!--Somewhere in Hong Kong by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the original content link of this inscription and double click to download the high res PNG and know that via the code you can source the original digitally hand drawn (no texture) WEBP file that can be converted from the base64 code found in the p5js sketch.-->
<!--From the original photo took by my love during our trip in Hong Kong, Merci babe.- FNST-->
<!--I was thinking about something lately, and that something is that I want to start making more art about what's around me than about myself.-FNST-->
<html><head><meta charset="utf-8"><style>body{margin:0;}</style></head><body><script

<!--Reckless by Lemonhaze-->
<!--1: marked by lack of proper caution : careless of consequences - 2: irresponsible-->
<!--There are so many things happening in my life right now and so little at the same time. I'm looking back at Hosoi, and all I can think of is how much thinner the line has become. My love and my life are falling apart, and my soul is guilty as charged. Bad habits die hard.-FNST-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and double click to download the high-res PNG-->
<!--Made with P5JS, AI and Krita-->

<!--Chamber of Reflection by Lemonhaze-->
    
<!--After traveling with my love from early June to late July (HongKong, Osaka/Kyoto-Japan, Taipei-Taiwan, Philippines, Singapore and Thailand) I spent the last five weeks alone in Sin City with my art, deliberately choosing to spend less time on Twitter to fully immerse myself in creating, reflecting and sinning, while my love has been at a retreat a few hundred kilometers away.

The creative work often focused on improving the techniques I use when blending p5js, AI, and Krita in a single artwork.

The reflection was about life, my journey to becoming a gentleman, and everything related to Bitcoin, Ordinals, and digital art, contemplating what the next step might be.

And the next step may seem boring, but it's essential: getting back to basics by setting small, realistic goals and achieving them. Despite this fast-paced life that makes us lose track of time, we're still only a year and a half into Ordinals, roughly 10 years into blockchain art and I'm only 34... The foundational work is still in progress - it's what we're doing now that counts the most.

Yet here I am again, almost September, she's going back home and I'm going back junk. I almost always tell myself it's the last time cuz I know I can't have it all and I know I'm burning the candle at both ends but I don't want to help myself. It's not that I can't, in fact it's that I can. Sin City is like a magnet. It's been like this forever, sometimes I'm scared I will never change. Old Habits Die Hard.-FNST-->

<!--Une pensee pour mes soeurs, Marina et Ericka, et mon frere, Louka. Je vous aime tres fort, vous me manquez. Time is passing by, I know - I hope I will be able to make up for this one day.-FNST-->

<!--"Spend some time away
    Getting ready for the day you're born again
    Spend some time alone
    Understand that soon you'll run with better men
    Alone again
    
    Alone again
    Alone again
    Alone again
    Alone
    
    No use looking out
    It's within that brings that lonely feeling
    Understand that when you leave here
    You'll be clear among the better men
    Alone again
    
    Alone again
    Alone again
    Alone again
    Alone
    Alone again
    Alone again
    Alone again
    Alone" -Mac DeMarco (Song: Chamber of Reflection)-->
<!--Made with AI, Krita, p5js-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and double click to download the high resolution PNG or alternatively press 'S' on your keyboard.-->

<!--Wonderful Night by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Mon nom de guerre? Wanda Vidal - No need to get high, you're making me fly. Tonight was fire, can we go higher? - No need to get high, I've been waiting my whole life. This was like the first time.- FNST-->
<!--Just a couple of night before, it was her 30th birthday. That night, I felt her loneliness, I felt her sadness, and I wonder if that's because I recognized myself in this. She felt comfortable letting her guard down but I was scared and ran away.-FNST-->
<!--8pm from Sin City-FNST-->
<!--Strangers in the night exchanging glances
Wondering in the night
What were the chances we'd be sharing love
Before the night was through
Something in your eyes was so inviting
Something in your smile was so exciting
Something in my heart
Told me I must have you
Strangers in the night
Two lonely people we were strangers in the night
Up to the moment
When we said our first hello
Little did we know
Love was just a glance away
A warm embracing dance away, and
Ever since that night we've been together
Lovers at first sight, in love forever
It turned out so right
For strangers in the night
Love was just a glance away
A warm embracing dance away
Ever since that night we've been together
Lovers at first sight, in love forever
It turned out so right
For strangers in the night- Charles Singleton / Bert Kaempfert / Eddie Snyder (Frank Sinatra song)-->
<!--Made with AI, Krita, p5js-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and double click to download the high resolution PNG or alternatively press 'S' on your keyboard.—>

<!--Black Sheep by Lemonhaze-->
<!--I don't fit in. Not in my own family, not within ordinals, not within the traditional art world. I'm just a stray soul, in search of something more. -FNST-->
<!--Made with AI, Krita, p5js-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and double click to download the high resolution PNG or alternatively press 'S' on your keyboard.-->
<html><head><meta charset="utf-8"><style>body{margin:0;}</style></head><body><script>

<!--Le Confessionnal by Lemonhaze-->
<!--
1ère partie (Redemption Road):

Moment Nº1:

Sometimes I wish I could talk about certain things, but living a double life is like living none. 
You're forever stuck with stories, anecdotes and memories that you can't share with anyone. 
Not all are glorious ones, but there's beauty in the raw, unfiltered and messy reality of life in the wild.

Moment Nº2:

I truly wish I had better things to say, but can't help it
Lately I wake up and keep sinning, day after day.

Then My Love told me about her dream of the other night, 
this is not the first time, it was yet another sign.

I know what God is trying to tell her, 
but what is he trying to tell me?!

Should I stay or should I go?
Stay sober, this I know, but what else should I know?

Moment Nº3:

What you don't know can't hurt you,
but what if it does?

You’re reading the words of a man 
who’s ashamed of himself, 
and yearns for change 
during moments of lucidity, 
when he's writing here. 

2eme partie (A Day in the Life):

C'est ici que je parle de tout et de rien, du quotidien.

Maybe I should talk about the view from my apartment balcony at City Garden Tower, this is where I spend most of my time lately when I'm working, except during peak afternoon hours cuz it's too hot. Of course, the best moment is at night, with some music, something to drink and something to smoke. It can be a bit noisy though, 3rd road is busy, even now at 3:44 am. But I don't really mind, in fact that's why I prefer to stay in the city, cuz even when I'm alone I can see and hear life 24/7, and I like that. During day time I can see the gulf from where I am. It used to be from the 13th floor, now it’s a couple of level lower, but still good.

5:37 am:
Unlike Sin City where not sleeping is healthy, I need to catch up on sleep before it catches up on me.

6:39 pm:
This is uncharted territory.
There are uncertainties, and
we never know what’s waiting
for us on the other side.
Like explorers sailing the ocean,
riding waves to new continents.

6:46 pm: 
A bit earlier today, I made good progress on the visual of this artwork 
and I'm confident I'll be able to get this done by the end of the night.
Probably sooner, let's see. C'étais Le Confessionnal, Merci.

September 17th, 2024 -FNST-->

<!--Made with p5js, Krita & AI--

<!--La Tête Dans Les Étoiles by Lemonhaze-->

<!--
Prelude:

I am delusional 
-April 3, 2023

Delusion becomes conviction,
Becomes self-fulfilling prophecy.
What was once dismissed as fantasy
Shall turn to firm belief, and then,
Reality will bend, until the impossible stands. 
-October 4, 2024

Part 1 (Definition):

“Avoir la tête dans les étoiles suggère un état d’esprit où l’on se perd dans ses rêves et ses idées, loin des préoccupations immédiates. Cela renvoie à une forme d’évasion mentale, comme si l’on était transporté dans un monde de possibilités infinies, souvent en déconnexion avec la réalité.”

“Cette expression exprime l’idée de laisser son esprit vagabonder, loin des contraintes terrestres. C’est être tellement absorbé par ses pensées ou ses rêves qu’on en oublie ce qui se passe autour de soi, comme si l’on naviguait parmi les étoiles, porté par l’imaginaire.”

4:00pm
The local joke or your personal rockstar.

5:56pm
It’s rush hour, big traffic on the 3rd road right now. I just had a good meal, beef, veggies and rice berry.

7:22pm
If I’m writing things that will remain for eternity maybe I should try being more positive and show the good side of the world, and myself, if there is.

September 18th,2024

5:53pm:
Sunset in Sin City, 
the vice kept me in. 
Curating Games and smoking,
Listening to Aphex Twin.

September 29th, 2024

4:17 am:
Fell asleep after sunset, woke up at 2am
Still curating outputs for my Games
The song playing is titled “The Lobotomy”
That’s funny because that’s how I feel.

5:00am
Today is my brother’s birthday, 
he’s turning 20. 
The more time passes 
The more I become 
a stranger to him. 
I hope someday
he forgives me.

Bonne Fête Le Loup, je t'aime. 

7:39pm;
Un peu comme un carcajou...I'm going on a hunt.

September 30, 2024

3:25am:
Sometimes I need to give myself a reminder that no one is coming to save me. Today is that day.

8:06pm:
This is my last week in Sin City.
I need to leave everything behind me.
It’s for real this time, a week in KL
Then straight to Saigon with My Love.

October 4, 2024

12:12am:
It’s time to inscribe and close this chapter of my life.

1:06am:
Inscribing my works and my thoughts is my reward for what I gave up.
In creation, I think hard work comes in many shapes and forms.
Sometimes it can be very subtle, yet truly profound.
Sometimes it comes at the cost of something more.

1:42am:
I’m looking forward to inscribe this one tonight.
This is my little moment, make clean && make
Write down my last thoughts in the HTML
Putting the work on-chain and share.

2:27am:
If I have to pick one song for my time in Sin City, 
it has to be Extreme Ways by Moby. 
The most fitting song I know of.
A romanticized account of debauchery.

3:11am:
Walking On A Dream by Empire Of The Sun
J'ai la tête dans les étoiiles.
Time go get back to work.

October 5, 2024

-FNST 

-->

<!--
“Extreme ways are back again
Extreme places I didn't know
I broke everything new again
Everything that I'd owned
I threw it out the windows, came along
Extreme ways I know move apart
The colors of my sea
Perfect color me
Extreme ways that help me
That help me out late at night
Extreme places I had gone
But never seen any light
Dirty basements, dirty noise
Dirty places coming through
Extreme worlds alone
Did you ever like it planned?
I would stand in line for this
There's always room in life for this
Oh, baby, oh, baby
Then it fell apart, it fell apart
Oh, baby, oh, baby
Then it fell apart, it fell apart
Extreme songs that told me
They helped me late at night
I didn't have much to say
I didn't give up the light
I closed my eyes, I closed myself
I closed my world, I never open up to anything
That could cut me at all
I had to close down everything
I had to close down my mind
Too many things could cut me
Too much can make me blind
I've seen so much in so many places
So many heartaches, so many faces
So many dirty things
You couldn't even believe
I would stand in line for this
There's always room in life for this
Oh, baby, oh, baby
Then it fell apart, it fell apart
Oh, baby, oh, baby
Then it fell apart, it fell apart
Oh, baby, oh, baby
Then it fell apart, it fell apart
Oh, baby, oh, baby
Then it fell apart, it fell apart
Oh, baby, oh, baby
Then it fell apart, it fell apart
Oh, baby, oh, baby
Like it always does, always does” 
-from the song Extreme Ways by Moby (Richard Hall)-->

<!--Made with p5js-->

<!--La Fin D'un Chapitre by Lemonhaze-->

<!--
Prelude:

“Oh Lordy, Lord, trouble so hard
Don't nobody know my troubles but God
Went down the hill, the other day
Soul got happy and stayed all day”
- Vera Hall (1937)

1ère partie (Natural Blues):

Moment Nº1:

Of all the wondrous places in the world,
I picked the worst for my lonely soul.
Even if my actions show that’s where I belong,
I don’t ever want to come back when I’m gone.

Moment Nº2:

Get in, get out, get up and down, do whatever the fuck you want
But turn off the notifications on your lust before it brings you down.
Get in, get out, get up and down, do whatever the fuck you want
But keep that shit out of your lungs before it takes you out.

Moment Nº3:

If Wondrous Place is a state of mind, or intoxication
I know wondrous places exist outside the city of sin.
The recovery ain’t gonna be easy after this month,
But the start of my redemption is me writing this down. 

2eme partie (A Day in the Life):

10:52pm:
5 days left, can’t wait to leave this place

11:40pm:
Almost named this artwork “Le Dernier Chapitre” 
But then I realized the end of something 
Doesn’t mean the end of me - more is coming
Better days ahead, wondrous places waiting for me.

October 6, 2024

12:05am:
“I never meant to hurt you, I never meant to lie”
Porcelain by Moby

October 7, 2024
-FNST
-->

<!--
“Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself
Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself
Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself
Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself
Sometimes the devil
I'm on both levels
Sometimes the devil
I'm on both levels
Sometimes the devil
I'm on both levels
Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself
Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself
Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself
So many time's I'm down
Down
So many time's I'm down
Down
So many time's I'm down
Down with the ground
Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself
Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself
Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself
Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself
Whoa, in this world
Whoa, in this world
Whoa, in this world
Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself
Lordy, don't leave me
All by myself”

- From the song “In this World” by Moby (Richard Hall)
-->

<!--Made with p5js--

<!--Dogmatic Structure by Lemonhaze-->

<!--Part 1: Matthew 20:16

Everyone’s trying to be the first.
I’m trying to be the last.
-April 29, 2023

"So the last shall be first, and the first last: for many be called, but few chosen." - Matthew 20:16
this one was offered to me by monk on October 8, 2024

Part 2: A Day In The Life

5:35pm:
Woke up just in time for the crepuscule. 
Having green teas, the drink and the smoke.

5:43pm:
I can count on one hand the people who truly understand what I’m doing here, inscribing my art and my thoughts on Bitcoin. My goal is longevity, not of my body but rather of my story. My journey, the journey of a simple man or not so simple after all. Just a human living life with what nature gave him.

5:49pm:
About to start a written interview, will post everything below.

Questions: 
Q1. How would you describe your artistic style? Are there any artists who influence your work? 

"I’d say it’s a blend of minimalism, vintage, generative & experimental (AI & others tools) that is in continuous evolution and exploration. Very digital, yet raw and natural. Chic-Trash. Probably the byproduct of working within the constraints of Bitcoin, my own limitations and preferences. As for artists that influence my work, they tend to influence me more in abstraction than in aesthetic style per se. For example, I can often refer to Dr Dre, Daft Punk, and many others about their process when they make music, or Adam Sandler for doing his own thing in the movie industry irrespective of critics. But in terms of the visual/aesthetic style, the influence mostly comes unconsciously from vague memories, ideas, or things, making it hard to pinpoint in most cases."

6:45pm:
Q2. In what ways does your art reflect your inner self or subconscious? Art can also be a form of therapy right? How has art helped you personally?

"My art tend to be very personal. It almost always act as some sort of mementos of my life. Sometimes from the past, sometimes the present. And it’s definitely a form of therapy from start to eternity, and I say eternity because once my work is completed, that is when it’s on-chain, I can always refer back to it later - like an eternal post-it to myself."

7:38pm:
Q3. How do you balance commercial success with artistic integrity ? It’s a concept that artists struggle with since the dawn of time pretty much. What advice would you give to aspiring new artists? How do you approach the business side of being an artist, such as marketing and networking? 

"I always create for myself first, and freely, this way I can give my best and most honest works. My approach to any kind of success is to keep things simple, intuitive and authentic to myself. Then there’s some sort of cycles within in my own creative process where at some point I instinctively want to do these other things that happens to be necessary, even if I’m a bit unorthodox with how I tend to do these things. I live life, I sit down and reflect, create, inscribe, I sit down again, now I contemplate, I talk about it, I think about it and repeat. And little by little interested people can manifest themselves. Nothing goes up in a straight line, there’s ups and downs for sure. There’s always something to improve and something to learn, so taking pleasure in doing all this is my way to carry on - and ultimately I think success can be found in conviction and resilience."

8:05pm:
Q4. What is one question about your art that people rarely ask but you'd like them to consider asking? 

"No clue Ahah! I guess if it ever happens, I'd probably just tweet the answer to the question I wished I was asked. I'll let you know when/if it happens :)"

Q5. Are there recurring motifs in your work that reveal something about your worldview? How do you approach the exploration of complex emotions like grief, joy, or anger in your art?

"While there’s definitely things such as color palettes, generative textures, and more that are recurring in my work, the full depth of what I reveal can be observed more in details through my writings which are becoming an integral part of my practice. In my earliest works it would be limited to the collection/work description but now for over a year, on top of my visual practice, I’ve been writing personal and candid notes, thoughts, quotes, poems and much more in the HTML header of my artworks. It allows for all kind of creative exploration, like inscribing messages in a bottle. Visually, I work more in the abstract, seeking specific feels through colors and textures that can be complemented further with my writings inside the HTML of my inscriptions."

Q6. In times of creative block, what practices or rituals help you reconnect with your inspiration?

"Interestingly, I think my answer here will refer back to my answer at question 3 - “I live life, I sit down and reflect, create, inscribe, I sit down again, now I contemplate, I talk about it, I think about it and repeat.” When I don’t feel like creating, I probably feel like talking about my art or doing something else that keeps me going. I don’t really see it as creative blocks but rather a natural part of my own creative process and cycles, and it allows me to do the other things that needs to be done."

Q7. What role does intuition play in guiding both your artistic choices and life decisions? (Im v curious about this one, I have ignored my intuition many times in life and it was a mistake, even back in 2017 when i started as a trader, i should have listened to my gut I do try to follow my intuition as much as I can now and see the signs and navigate synchronicity).

"Intuition and intentionality are core to my approach to art and the journey that goes with it. Keeping things true to myself is the key, regardless if sometimes bad decisions will be made. “There’s beauty in the raw, unfiltered and messy reality of life in the wild.” - quote from Le Confessional (inscription #75860587)"

Q8. On the concept of legacy, as an artist, what legacy do you wish to leave behind, and how do you envision it impacting future generations?

"I’m here for the things I’m never gonna see. Documenting art, writings, etc. on Bitcoin with the potential to stand the test of time and outlive all of us, is something I find super exciting. Being a part of that in its nascent state is even more special, and as someone who always loved history, background stories, and collecting things - I’m dreaming of a day where digital archeologists get as passionate about my work as I am myself today. That they start digging, connecting dots and forming the puzzle of my works. Dreams aside, inspiring people in any ways would be amazing for sure."

9:03pm:

Q9. Do you think “Art on Bitcoin” is the next big narrative? And if we’re not there yet how can we make it happen as a community.

"I think Art on Bitcoin is unique and potentially revolutionary, if anything it’s already the big narrative for me, everything is about perspective. I have very low-time preference (long term approach to this journey) and I think what makes all this truly special requires time to mature and age, a bit like fine wine -but the ground work needs to be done today. Otherwise, as a community, making sure like-minded people find each other is a good start, then walking the talk about the things we want. Culture needs to be cultivated. One thing is for sure, what is happening with Art on Bitcoin is special and I call this place home."

This was the interview with Fabled, Thank you Sophie

October 7, 2024

5:44pm:
"God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down" - Kanye West

5:52pm:
I lost my chain a few weeks back while I was still in Sin City. 
God knows what happened, even I have no clue how I lost it. 

5:55pm:
I put this one on-chain 
So it never leaves me again.

5:58pm:
I’m back where it all began, Saigon, Vietnam. Also back with My Love after some time apart. It feels good to be back with her around me.

6:31pm:
Whatever you see, you see.

7:07pm:
"To be dogmatic is to follow a set of rules no matter what. The rules might be religious, philosophical, or made-up, but dogmatic people would never waver in their beliefs so don't even think of trying to change their minds."" - quote from the internet

7:31pm:
Prelude by Janko Nilovic, The soul Surfers

7:39pm:
A little recap of the past couple weeks. I spent one in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, finally got to see the Petronas Twin Tower. I think I always liked skyscrapper buildings, I find theme impressive and signs of human accomplishments - a bit lit the pyramids, but in a different era, although the real question is how long will they last? And I think that's what makes the pyramid so special. Only time will tell, but maybe the writing we are inscribing today will last for generations. Otherwise, I've had food poisoning for the past 3 days and jfc I hate when this happens. Fortunately I'm with my love and she's taking good care of me, I'm a little boring but I think she understand - I'm lucky son of a gun.  

7:45pm:
Cheers, Brett 

8:00pm:
gonna push this one at 8 sat/VB 

October 23, 2024

-FNST-->

<!--Made with p5js-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and double click to down the high-resolution PNG or alternatively press 'S' on your keyboard-->

<!--From Berlin to Saigon by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

‘Berlin’ is a series I did back in summer 2023,
that was referenced at inscription 6625545 from ‘Manufactured’
(fe7de1e35036400088171f4419c9d231b37420d63db6653c6acc4b44bf3885fbi396)
and the 8 pieces from the Berlin series are the following: 

Revaler Strasse 99
f81f4f5aaedb7482b6885923c17239b04feb7e3cf6ab17799f1c48dddcfc74ddi0

Denise
fbf48be2a56b9dd0db9089f3acb953f1ce44ec6e1a7ff21fbfbf3cbd83789c0ai0

99 Francs
fd188a970767ef5ef2f4bbae2c641b8b314bcf3eb1305fff9f3ebc5ebecfd448i0

Berghain
49d7e2af5a8c68df1c66c18f205a9e9ced9a2dc4d6943e2435dd33d3293a5b7di0

Rain in Friedrichshain
f196dc2b81719ebc4c98bcfe15a14e8b0ab2fdb3e29d51ffbd4d0bc63454b60bi0

Jusqu’à L’Aube
8b80bc2d260f9e4236ab032e0227d66f621ceffedb15b46b9445f6da2e67baf2i0

Mitte
4d2c5e92c0f9711949ce39b59209d50d56c63923a5060e308c087f07fc7592aci0

Le Clochard
afa00c11b063aaf34cefd197bc896a2e11d772d944f7c710040e9bcbd79b9bf7i0

Berlin was really about making mementos of my short stay in Berlin back in 2018.
Each pieces were digitally hand drawn, and have their own story, but that's for another day.
I'm talking about it here because it had a direct influence on the way I think about composition ever since.

But why exactly from Berlin to Saigon??

For quite some time I’ve been interested in these dark/black ink,
Abstract reflective scenery/structure, half fake-Rorschach things, half-nothing.
I like how they bring contrast to what I see on my canvas, it's my mirage.
Superposed on minimal layout with vintage textures, I like even more.

So, while it started by digitally hand drawing like in Berlin (or even physically)
I quickly explored other ways to get things done.
With AI, I did a lot of work that reinforced this idea I had/have in mind.
But "code only" aka p5js, quickly became my goal - part for the challege it showed to be,
Part to espouse the constraints of Bitcoin by increasing efficiency with code-only.

Things connected even more in Hong-Kong, June 2024, when I visited HOKMA and purchased a few items like papers, ink and brush pen.
Because I couldn't read what was writen on most artworks, the black ink characters on silk were abstract to my eyes.
Yet the art, the feel, was speaking to me in so many ways. Part of the vibes I've been chasing ever since.

Here are some early works that lead to the artwork you’re currently viewing,
and most are either digitally hand drawn, AI-mixed, or mixed media with p5js.

Lake Cabin (Ordinals Summer)
f60666ac76f049ae1ec520b11a09cccaa2fc6778af7118d5cc4e2d05c731e53ei0

Deprivation (L’Orphelinat)
9a4f72cb41ca2c4d5c591224bf02fe1fc3b977e4231042ccb45b9026c814b475i0

Hosoi (L’Orphelinat)
3966f90bf371dbc520bfebed868fd30adc574f60e900118308587001cb27514bi0

Quartier dix30 (Untitled)
b48b94e13782014ea95c2e2add114524093cee5274f4e77c85d2a9795ac7defci0

Avant le Crepuscule (Untitled)
cf0bf5d5c1e3aa8ad9ed188764d118116fe3b6fd9b4894b7fe1b4c72f83ca2b6i0

Lost Island (Untitled)
2b869bf80d919cee6da1640ba7ab1f82ed0e1937a58aa71a3c2fbafa60b16b16i0

Sex, Scotch & Soda (The Artifacts)
a461f726b8931e9c8f00850cde8fc1c8ef8087b9e77d2eb5e8f636dc9ade8873i0

Blood, Lemon & Tango (The Artifacts)
f790cdc32d86611c82d65d5588feb19e43b6f7c319912af0bfc509027254c28ci0

Le Dessinateur (The Artifacts)
893d456bd3cb30ee933b0684e008284b964c2b5aaecf18168f2707a9180b2a41i0

Playa Zicatela (The Artifacts)
dde6c151ecb41e9ae219063611618621e8c17828ca887111f68ab520b75f886ci0

Jardin Mangales (Generative Composition)
6bd05c0782253c53d9910c446d46f5d393faf90cb12fbb6a479bef9eb875b6bdi0

Watson Esplanade (Generative Composition)
46d48f4aa1316d05d670ba04b4f79111b20c6faf709e789e2e1eefb5c14841eci0

Zero (Downtown)
3b77f0775b669431f2a4a9ee09f1f729462b77dda6125ca98007266b2fb851aci0

Good Night (Downtown)
c84e8d79be8fead1e1a3384a59f34da663363adc67beb46696f3996fd57e78b1i0

Bitcoin Executive Order (1/1s - 2024)
6a29f146bb8d25b4fa09ea1da92c9178a3bc30e8223045be5fa581049365f4c6i0

Pennsylvania (1/1s - 2024)
f598c4555863259ba19a29d6c1784303f0bb66f6167e09af898c275029c4db07i0

Chamber of Reflection (1/1s - 2024 - Sin City)
8781dfea6d8f4db71df9c3674c2a555ae1815bdb627685bd1b6ab2a028678c42i0

Wonderful Night (1/1s - 2024 - Sin City)
0120fedb8b07d8bc3d8e4123a6f36a802b587275e540605dd7b1984eb84e236ci0

Black Sheep (1/1s - 2024 - Sin City)
7dfbe24786a7c42d3be6937619b1917408e4265421377f119cd4040a9d25dd9ci0

Le Confessional (1/1s - 2024 - Sin City)
35b36fdc0f108c535790d86544abd707ed6492925134dbc7ff7785f6cdcd8c42i0

With this piece here today (October 29, 2024 - 6:19pm) I'm taking a moment to show a glimpse into the evolution and progress of this idea,
by showing you this output that I generated a couple of days ago when I was in Saigon making experimentation within my current working project.

From Berlin to Saigon, made with code

Cheers to Art on Bitcoin

-FNST
-->
<!--Made with p5js-->
<!--Go to the the official content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the high-resolution PNG -->

<!--Insaisissable Mirage by Lemonhaze-->

<!--
Part 1 (The Things You Will Never Get):

What do you tell yourself to carry on?

The goals I set for myself
Once I reached them
I chase the next
It never stops
It’s my fuel
It’s a vibe

Reality minus expectations equals happiness.

I might never be who I think I am or I can be,
I might never do what they call a “masterpiece”
but at least bits of me will remain here for eternity.

“Lemonhaze is a Montreal born and Puerto Escondido based self-taught artist who merges his background in music, entrepreneurship and expressive writing into an explorative digital art journey. Continually experimenting with tools like P5JS, AI and traditional digital drawing software, he's approaching his works much like music production often combining multiple tools in a single piece.
His art acts both as a means of escape and as a tangible memento, often very personal, capturing the essence of his experiences and emotions. With a deep appreciation for the lasting nature of the Bitcoin blockchain, he has chosen it as the foundation for his digital expressions.
Lemonhaze's singular & offbeat journey as an artist, without the constraints of traditional art education or industry expectations, exude a raw individuality. Each piece being a modest reflection of his evolving perspective and soul.” - biography from my personal website bylemonhaze.xyz 

Exhibitions: 
Ordinal Summit (The Function) in Singapore (September 2023)
Inscribing Atlantis (Gamma) in Amsterdam (October 2023)
Art Basel (Gamma) in Miami (December 2023)
Cypherpunk Lab (Gamma) in San Francisco (February 2024)
Ordinals Asia (Monero) in Hong Kong (May 2024)
Cinco de Monero (Cake Wallet) in San Francisco (May 2024)
Ordinals LATAM (Nox Gallery) in Mexico City/Monterrey/San Cristobal (June 2024)
The Parthenon (BitGala & Forbes Web3) in Nashville (July 2024)

“Lower the bar to a point
You can't possibly fail” 
-Erlend Oye
from the song: High On The Heels by The Whitest Boy Alive

9:24am:
I’m on the balcony of my apartment for the next month in Vung Tau. The view is stunning and the apartment complex is great. VT is a stark contrast to the chaos of Saigon, both for goods and bads. Everything is much less crowded here, there’s the nice boardwalk by the beach and the cost of living is less than in Saigon but there’s also less choices of restaurants and things like that, which is fine because it makes me cook at home more, and frankly I like to cook, it’s a form of art in some ways, probably in all ways. I usually wake up around 7 in the morning, and really get started around 8am until 8pm. I eat and snack lightly, take a short nap most of the day, but around 8pm, I get in the kitchen and get out of my bubble to cook and talk with My Love. 

November 2, 2024

12:32pm:
Sometimes I go out there and feel like the energy within the ordinals ecosystem is on top, other times it feels like vibes are down, but I also see art all around, mostly from other chain and people who don’t care about what I do here, but it doesn’t matter, at least it tells me there are other people sharing similar interest. Eventually they will find their way because all roads lead to Bitcoin - but one thing is for sure, I won’t stop inscribing my work here.

1:03pm:
What do you see?
Un sunset
Digital Vintage
Délusion à l’Ouest
C’est encore un mirage
This time, Get Lucky kinda vibe.

1:36pm:
“J’irai jusqu'au fond, et si c'est un mirage - je remercierai le ciel pour le stage”
- Cornelius Nyungura from the song Reve de Star by Corneille

2:07pm:
Time to inscribe.

November 3, 2024

-FNST
--

<!--Block 869420 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--
Part 1 (Feeling Alive):

"This is grade:A, 100% pure Colombian cocaine, ladies and gentlemen. Disco shit. Pure as the driven snow". - George Jung (from the movie Blow)

2:00pm:
Nuro just tweeted “what piece of art made you cry?”
I probably cried a few times from writing in my HTMLs or at least I tried or something like that. I wonder if it’s only the dopamine of the last few months that’s wearing off preventing me from feeling something or if I only feel something when I’m high or down on drugs?

Anyway, this post prompted me to open the page and write a few pleasant things instead cuz overall life is good lately.
My Love is planning her dream trip to India where she’ll be taking a yoga teaching class and do some meditation retreat for a couple months until I go join her for the last stretch in Goa and Mumbai!

Unrelated but something else I was thinking about lately is how I always think of old cave drawings/writings when I think of Ordinals and inscribing my work on Bitcoin. There’s this almost prehistoric vibes to it. 

4:55pm:
I casually looked at the mempool a couple minutes ago to realize we’re about to hit block height 869420, needless to say this is the opportunity of a lifetime for me to inscribe on this very special block 8 - 69 - 420, if you know, you know. Lol 

I’m getting a rush of adrenaline/dopamine just to think about inscribing this piece exactly on block 869420 without fucking things up or ending up in some crazy parabolic fees traffic with grand-parent-child provenance where there’s no place for mistake - living on the edge.

5:50pm:
I ended up sampling colors from mempool.space and pick an output that felt calming... after the high there's always a down.

Now, I'm carefully waiting for block 869420. 

Wish me luck. Cheers!

November 8, 2024
- FNST
-

<!--Maslow by Lemonhaze-->

<!--
Part 1 (Nothing):

9:48am:
Today I woke thinking about things I shouldn’t be thinking about, so I dive right back into my work - the best escape is to create.

2:41pm:
“Fossilization has multiple meanings, including the process of becoming a fossil, the process of an error becoming a habit, and the process of becoming inflexible or out of date”

10:22pm:
C’étais en cours d’économie familial avec madame Paré, je ne suis plus certain si c’était en secondaire 2,4 ou 5 pour être honnête - mais je me souviens du passage où nous avons vu la pyramide de Maslow.  

Lately I’ve been spending all my time perfecting my craft with obsession - is it self-actualization?

November 10, 2024
-FNST
-->

<!--Kowloon by Lemonhaze-->
<!--
Part 1 (Park & City):

Don't we all live inside our minds?

4:40pm:
Une penssee pour Kowloon/Hong Kong, June 2024 with My Love - ps: we stayed in Mong Kok.

5:03pm:
C'est presque le crépuscule, Cathy vient tout just de rentrer d'une seance de yoga et moi de j'ai terminé cette piece que je m'apprete à mettre on-chain.
On est sur le balcon, on regarde le soleil orange peach... mais là il commence à etre complement couvert par les nuages.

5:09pm:
Boom, le soleil est diparus dans les nuages.

5:11pm:
Je dois arreter de fumer!!

5:15pm:
Tu me manques, Maman. Mes soeurs, mon frère, Francis, mon père Guy et mamie aussi. Love you.

5:17pm:
Je veux des enfants. Aujourdhui à 34 ans je commence à regretter les deux situations de mon passé, I should be father already.

5:19pm:
I'm praying God, asking for mercy and forgiveness. I hope things turn out ok. Both with my health and my family.

5:29pm:
Crowded thought experiment. Kowloon in my mind.

November 11,2024
-FNST

-->
<!--Made with p5js-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the high-resolution PNG-->

<!--Saturday Afternoon by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

We made love, and now I draw some generative doodles.

I have no clue if ordinals are dead or not, I didn't get the memo.

I'm inscribing as I see fit, as if it will be meaningful down the road.

Vung Tau, Vietnam, November 30, 2024 - 2:38pm
-FNST

-->

<!--Saturday Evening by Lemonhaze-->
<!--
We just had diner, I love her.
I'm gonna inscribe this and move on to finish the other piece I'm working on.
Hopefully later tonight it's on-chain let's see.

Vung Tau, Vietnam. November 30, 2024, 6:29pm
-FNST
-->
<!--Made with p5js-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to get the high-res PNG-->

<!--Leftover Sunset by Lemonhaze-->
<!--
EXPERIMENTING AND INSCRIBING 
JUST BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE IT
CHEERS TO ART ON BITCOIN
-FNST
-->

<!--Dit Franco by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A l'ancienne, un dit nom. I'm gonna inscribe more. -FNST-->
<!--Made with p5js-->
<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyb

<!--Gaijin by Lemonhaze-->
<!-- 

Wherever I go, I’m a foreigner
I have no home, I’m a coureur de bois

-FNST

-->

<!--BP2 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--

11:03pm: Basquiat prise deux. 

11:07pm: J'ecoute cette playlist de vieille toune rock vietnamienne des annee 60-70s.

11:09pm: There's something about asia that makes it special, I don't know what it is, but there's something.

--
Đoàn Người Lữ Thứ is the best.

"Kìa là rừng sâu âm u dưới sương trời khuya 
Một đoàn tàu đi quanh co giữa đêm trăng đầy 
Lòng tràn niềm vui đêm nay chúng ta cùng sum vầy 
Bên nhau ta hát hát mãi hát quên đường xa 

Rừng già về khuya im nghe tiếng ca đoàn ta 
Hòa cùng trời mây bao la sáng tươi mơ màng 
Vượt ngàn dặm xa gian nguy chí trai thề tung hoành 
Ra đi ta chỉ ước một ngày mai huy hoàng 

Ôi ! Dừng chân đây hỡi làn mây đêm thâu lơ lững về đâu ? 
Ôi ! Mây thấu chăng miền Bắc giờ đau thương tràn khắp đồng sâu. 
Rừng ơi ! Trăng sáng lả lướt muôn nơi. 
Trăng thắm tô thêm nhạc thêm vui 
Tình xuân chan chứa mơ ước xa xôi 
Nhưng biết đâu đời là mộng thôi 

Một hồi còi vang ngân lên xé tan màn sương 
Lòng người rừng sâu nôn nao thức giữa đêm trường 
Nhìn đoàn người đi mênh mang biết đâu là bến bờ 
Đi xây no ấm, bác ái, đi xây tự do 

Dù đường còn xa bao la hay qua đồi cao 
Biển rộng rừng sâu khi đi thân trai ngại gì 
Rồi một ngày mai khi non sông say nhạc thanh bình 
Chim xanh đua hót đón mừng đoàn ta trở về 

Kìa là rừng ……..đón mừng ngày về vinh quang""

- Lam Phuong

translation English

"Behold, the forest is deep in the late-night dew. 
A train that goes around in the middle of the moon is full of moonlight 
It's full of joy tonight we're together with this. 
Together we sing and sing forever to forget the distance 

The old forest late to hear my choir. 
Join the cloudy sky and brightly. 
A thousand miles away from the danger of the boy swears. 
I only wish I was a glorious tomorrow. 

Oh, oh! Where do you stop, where is the cloud of the night? 
Oh, oh! The clouds in the north now hurt all over the deep. 
Oh my gosh! The bright moon is everywhere. 
The moon adds more fun music. 
Spring love contains distant dreams 
But maybe life is a dream. 

A whistle sounded to tear the mist 
The heart of the forest is awake in the middle of the school. 
Look at the group of people who travel to know where the shore is. 
Go build warm, charity, go to build freedom 

Whether the road is far away or through the high hills 
The sea is deep when you are afraid of. 
Then one tomorrow when the river is drunk with peaceful music 
Blue birds sing to celebrate our return. 

Behold, the forest is the day of glory.""

- Lam Phuong 

November 30, 2024, Vung Tau, Vietnam 

-FNST

-->

<!--Freezing by Lemonhaze-->
<!--
Freezing moments in time,
today I inscribed for my own enjoyment.
For the fun of it, just showing glimpse into where things are going.
Good Night
-FNST
-->

<!--Peak Audacity by Lemonhaze-->
<!--LMAO, no comment!-FNST-->
<!--Made with p5js-->

<!--Cashback by Lemonhaze-->
<!--
If only you knew what it’s like to make art in this space.

This space glorifies shit, hype and empty promises.

This place is a circus but there’s nothing funny about it.

You’re surrounded by charlatans, tasteless and clueless wanna be collectors, traders, flippers and whatnot, I shit you not.

You walk, you think you do good, but then you realize everyone around is trying to suppress.

Even some of your biggest collectors are clueless.

If I could go back in time, I would not sell any of my works. None. Not a single one.

Day by day it’s becoming clear they don’t like to be told the truth, everyone is blinded by their bags, real bags of shit I must say. 

But wait, what am I saying, I always knew the art world was a joke to begin with, it’s all fabricated anyway.

I love what I’m doing, don’t get me wrong, but as the days goes by, I’m becoming more and more cynical about this.

If in the movie Cashback (2006) they say a painter captures beauty, I’m here today capturing what’s ugly.

Everything I secretly wished for 2024 didn't materialize.

Exhibiting my works - not your stupid themed open calls, MY WORK, the one I create and inscribe on my own!

Maybe shot at auction houses like Sotheby's or Christie's...

Guess what? I don't want any of this anymore

Thank you for the wake up call

Sincerely, your ruthless Lemon

December 19th, 2024, Vung Tau, Vietnam
-FNST
-->

<!--Noir Désir by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

"Je n'ai pas peur de la route
Faudrait voir, faut qu'on y goûte
Des méandres au creux des reins
Et tout ira bien là
Le vent nous portera

Ton message à la Grande Ourse
Et la trajectoire de la course
Un instantané de velours
Même s'il ne sert à rien va
Le vent l'emportera

Tout disparaîtra mais
Le vent nous portera

La caresse et la mitraille
Et cette plaie qui nous tiraille
Le palais des autres jours
D'hier et demain
Le vent les portera

Génétique en bandoulière
Des chromosomes dans l'atmosphère
Des taxis pour les galaxies
Et mon tapis volant, dis?
Le vent l'emportera
Tout disparaîtra mais
Le vent nous portera

Ce parfum de nos années mortes
Ce qui peut frapper à ta porte
Infinité de destins
On en pose un et qu'est-ce qu'on en retient?
Le vent l'emportera

Pendant que la marée monte
Et que chacun refait ses comptes
J'emmène au creux de mon ombre
Des poussières de toi
Le vent les portera
Tout disparaîtra mais
Le vent nous portera"

From the song "Le vent nous portera by Noir Désir" (covered by Sophie Hunger)
Written by Jean-paul Roy / Gay Serge Marius Pierre Teyssot / Denis Guy Marc Barthe / Bertrand Lucien Cantat

Un ptit salut pour toi Maman, tu me manques enormement, ca fais tellement longtemps: 3 ans et demi, deja.
Chaque fois que j'ecoute cette chanson je pense à toi et au temps qui passe mais qui ne reviendra pas. 
Je ne sais plus trop pourquoi tout est comme ca, en faite je sais, et quand j'y pense je redeviens froid.
This is how much I think YOU are wrong. How much I think your lack of awareness is what keeps us apart.
You think I'm crazy? I think you're lazy.

December 19, 2024, Vung Tau, Vietnam
-FNST

<!--Grift Season by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

I love seeing all those big names (quite a few actually) coming out in force bullish on ordinals after being silent for months since their last drop.

You being an award-winning-serious-established artist doesn't make your relationship with ordinals any less of a grift.

I hereby declare the start of Ordinals Grift Season.

Sincerely (with love), your ruthless Lemon.

Sunday, December 22, 2024, 1:00am, Saigon, Vietnam.
-FNST
-->

<!--Made with p5js--

<!--Larp Town by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (The Edge):

You may think I’m always complaining, but I’m not.
First, I love being the underdog.
Second, the more clowning around,
the wider the gaps deepen between Lemon and Larp Town.

Sincerely, your ruthless (and overconfident for today lol) Lemon.

ps: take this one with a grain of salt, I'm just having fun.

1:02pm:

My Love is about to catch a flight straight to India to make her dream trip.
She’s gonna do a Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh for a month,
followed by 10 days silent meditation retreat in Tiruvannamalai.
After that I will be joining her for the rest of the trip,
traveling across south India from mid-February onwards.
I definitely have some apprehension about this trip, first,
for her safety as a woman traveling alone - even if we took precautions and planned everything strictly
and secondly for me when it comes to food poisoning when I get there LOL.
I say this with a laugh cuz I tend to get sick from time to time when traveling and eating off the beaten path.
I gotta admit as I grow older I prefer to avoid messing up with my stomach.
Food will taste good, no doubt about that, but hopefully it’ll spare me as well.

3:03pm:

She’s lying/napping on the couch, and I’m about to wake her up to catch her taxi to the airport.
The next couple of months will be long and potentially painful, I hope I’ll be tamed - may God be by our sides.

Friday, December 27th, 2024, Saigon, Vietnam.
-FNST

-->

<!--Made with p5js--

<!--Stress Test by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Trial & Error):

The year is coming to an end, and so is the stress test.
Now is time to keep quiet and hope for the best.

Part 2 (The Quotes):

“Sometimes you’re flush, and sometimes you’re bust.
When you’re up, it’s never as good as it seems,
and when you’re down, you never think you’ll be up again.
But life goes on.”
– Fred Jung

“I must continue to follow the path I’ve chosen.
If I do nothing, if I stop learning, if I stop searching, I am lost.
That’s how I see it—keep going, no matter what.

But what is the ultimate goal, you may ask?
That goal will come into focus gradually,just as a rough draft becomes a sketch,
and a sketch evolves into a painting through dedicated effort.
It all begins with refining the vague idea and giving permanence to fleeting thoughts.”
– Vincent Van Gogh

“The price of authenticity is being disliked.”
– Leila Hormozi

Part 3 (A Day in The Life):

5:33pm
Deprivation type of day.

5:38pm
Suite Bergamasque, L. 75: III: Clair De Lune - Claude Debussy

5:45pm
This one is going to be the last of 2024, thank you everyone.

Monday, December 30, 2024 - Saigon, Vietnam
-FNST
-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 0 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this curated generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is more."-->
<!--La patente te hante et te gel le crâne. Et toi comme un con, tu lui ouvre la porte et la saute à grand coup de "Je t’aime". Tu t’es amouraché d’une ptite asiatique digne d’un film de X. Pis tu te demandes pourquoi c’est mieux à trois? Chaque esti d’fois tu recommences, oui tu recommences. Tu trouves ça drole, tu trouves ça bon, pis t’en redemandes encore. La tentation. La crisse de tentation. - by Lemonhaze (2012)-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--Celle-la je l'avais composé pour Mariana Xie et non pas pour Cathy lol - FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 1 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--How long am I gonna stay sober for? - FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 2 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this curated generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is more."-->
<!--"Cathy Dam is digging into my mind and I am waiting for her booty call. Although I act like I don't care, I'm know in the end I'm the one losing all. Is there something I can say to change your mind? Is there something I can do to make you mine?" The Booty Call by Lemonhaze (2012)-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!-- Celle-la etait belle et bien pour Cathy. At the time, we knew each other already but weren't a couple yet. I was just a 2-3rd booty call for her. God knows how hard it was on my ego. I felt this way for many years. Now I understand life a little bit better. - FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 3 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--I bet you would say I'm a wild one. - FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 4 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--Stop smoking!!- FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 5 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--Sex, drugs & rock & roll! - FNST-

<!--La Tentation Nº 6 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--Chastity in my dreams.- FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 7 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--Christina in Surfers Paradise - FNST--

<!--La Tentation Nº 8 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--Sometimes I'm selfish. I'm keeping this one for me- FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 9 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--I'm a bonding curve. The longer I wait, the bigger my asks.- FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 10 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--I need to control myself, sometimes I can literally go on rampage.- FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 11 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--I will knock on this door until I get it all- FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 12 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--Be careful what you wish for.- FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 13 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--She's my little dragon. - FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 14 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--Eres mi favorita, te gustaria pasar la noche conmigo? - FNST-->

<!--La Tentation Nº 15 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"A seductive paradox, where the allure of temptation meets the purity of restraint. In this generative series, I work with a simple extended grid composition and a set of vivid color palettes, exploring the fine line between indulgence and control. As I grow older, I find that very often, less is indeed more."-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--It will be all or nothing.- FNST-->

<!--De Sève by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Parent inscription for collection titled: "Montreal"-->
<!--Collection description: A generative abstraction of the past. In this series I'm blending physical and digital textures while playing with color palettes that reminds me of my younger days in Montreal.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and double click to rotate or press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG-->
<!--Made in 2024 with p5js-->
<!--Things are gonna come back, mom. - FNST-->

<!--LaSalle by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Collection: Montreal-->
<!--Description: A generative abstraction of the past. In this series I'm blending physical and digital textures while playing with color palettes that reminds me of my younger days in Montreal.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and double click to rotate or press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG-->
<!--Made in 2024 with p5js-->
<!--J'ai toujours su que j'allais être amoureux de plusieurs filles/femmes au cours de ma vie. Mais j'avais pas prévu me faire avoir à mon propre jeu. Elle avait 1 an de plus que moi, presque jours pour jours. J'avais 18, et elle 19, je jouais au con à cette époque. Mais elle aussi elle jouait. J'èspere que tu vas bien AK- FNST-->

<!--Five Roses by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Collection: Montreal-->
<!--Description: A generative abstraction of the past. In this series I'm blending physical and digital textures while playing with color palettes that reminds me of my younger days in Montreal.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and double click to rotate or press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG-->
<!--Made in 2024 with p5js-->
<!--Driving back to the south shore ou bien l'ile des soeurs after a night out in town, you can't miss the sign. Farine Five Roses, a beauty at night, à Montreal quand on fait la fête! - FNST-->

<!--Rue Cuvillier by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Collection: Montreal-->
<!--Description: A generative abstraction of the past. In this series I'm blending physical and digital textures while playing with color palettes that reminds me of my younger days in Montreal.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and double click to rotate or press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG-->
<!--Made in 2024 with p5js-->
<!--It was her first apartment. I think it was my 3-4th. We lived there for 1 years. It was quite small, the shower/bath was half the size of traditional ones but I gotta say we got the place for a good price lol- FNST-->

<!--La Banquise by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Collection: Montreal-->
<!--Description: A generative abstraction of the past. In this series I'm blending physical and digital textures while playing with color palettes that reminds me of my younger days in Montreal.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and double click to rotate or press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG-->
<!--Made in 2024 with p5js-->
<!--C'est plus qu'une poutine. But that's not what you should be worried about right now... You should ask yourself if you were respectful or not!- FNST-->

<!--Saint-Léonard by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Collection: Montreal-->
<!--Description: A generative abstraction of the past. In this series I'm blending physical and digital textures while playing with color palettes that reminds me of my younger days in Montreal.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and double click to rotate or press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG-->
<!--Made in 2024 with p5js-->
<!--I remember that time when my grand-ma was babysitting me in her apartment in Saint-Leonard. I was around 7-9 years old if I remember correctly and she offered me this red hawaiian shirt (chemise). I really digged it. Funny enough that's pretty much how I dress lately. Very Miami Vice. And even funnier is that Saint-Leonard was known for its strong italian mafia influence. My grand-ma was not even locking the door, saying "The georgous italian men are protecting the neighborhood" I'm laughing writing this. Mamie was always a strong and independant woman, doing her on thing. Definitely a role model. -->
<!--En parlant de mamie, ce matin j'ai parlé à Mamie pour le premiere fois en 1 an. J'avais gardé contact avec elle, contrairement aux autres, mais la dernière fois que je lui avais parlé elle avait passé un commentaire  que j'ai pas trop apprecié. Je regrette de ne pas l'avoir appelé plus tôt, elle ne rajeunit quand même pas, 83 bientôt 84. J'espères la revoir un jour avant que ce sois la fin.- FNST-->

<!--Le Belvédère by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Collection: Montreal-->
<!--Description: A generative abstraction of the past. In this series I'm blending physical and digital textures while playing with color palettes that reminds me of my younger days in Montreal.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and double click to rotate or press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG-->
<!--Made in 2024 with p5js-->
<!-- Celle-la est pour mes chums de Longueuil! Michael 'Mic' - 'le gros' - 'image de dieu' Gamache, David 'Dave' - 'Ti-Coq' Savard, Marc-Yvan 'Berny' - 'Berny Mac' Bernier, Karl 'Chat'-'K' Bertrand, Jonathan 'Jocout' Couture, David 'Ty8o' Thibault! Un joint au belvedere du Mont-Royal, a wild night out in the club.  Given we come from the South shore, when we were younger heading in town for a night out was always full of surprises. But this is just in surface, because the truth is that there is much more moments shared with these guys. They are my family. Truly. We know each other since we're kids, as young as 5 years old!!! We played hockey together, went to the same schools and beyond, still to this day. It's truly beautiful. I can say I have real friends. Btw ce sont mes 6 gars d'honneurs si je me mari un jours. Santé les boys, je vous aimes!- Votre chum Fred! FNST-->

<!--Rue Saint-Paul by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Collection: Montreal-->
<!--Description: A generative abstraction of the past. In this series I'm blending physical and digital textures while playing with color palettes that reminds me of my younger days in Montreal.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and double click to rotate or press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG-->
<!--Made in 2024 with p5js-->
<!-- This one is for all the years I spent working in hospitality as a restaurant waiter. I had an epic time I'm not gonna lie. I met all kind of people, made great acquitances and friendships. I felt free as bird, I still do btw ;). You know between 11-20yrs old I was mostly working physical job on summer/weekends like at my mom's company, or landscaping, or concret and bunch of other things. From 17-20 I did other things that I'm not gonna talk about. But at 20, when I started playing music it was like a new life begun for me. I wanted to live. Meet new people, experiment, travel. So I started working in hospitality. Made good money (mostly from tips), and with flexible hours it was perfect for my lifestyle at the time. I was able to spend endless hours making music (and painting occasionally), while paying my bills and partying! Hier encore j'avais 20 ans.-  FNST-->

<!--Hollywood Moon by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Parent Inscription for "Little Get Away"-->
<!--Collection description: Sometimes I need to take a step back and get away from the things that obsess me. And this time, I'm planning a little get away with my love.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6400x6400 high resolution PNG.-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--Back in high school my nickname was 'Hollywood' lol- FNST-->

<!--0808 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"Little Get Away" collection description: Sometimes I need to take a step back and get away from the things that obsess me. And this time, I'm planning a little get away with my love.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6400x6400 high resolution PNG.-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--Full moon party -FNST-->

<!--0024 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"Little Get Away" collection description: Sometimes I need to take a step back and get away from the things that obsess me. And this time, I'm planning a little get away with my love.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6400x6400 high resolution PNG.-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--God, please send her an angel.-FNST-->

<!--0632 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"Little Get Away" collection description: Sometimes I need to take a step back and get away from the things that obsess me. And this time, I'm planning a little get away with my love.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6400x6400 high resolution PNG.-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--I don't want to go there ever again. -FNST-->

<!--1916 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--"Little Get Away" collection description: Sometimes I need to take a step back and get away from the things that obsess me. And this time, I'm planning a little get away with my love.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6400x6400 high resolution PNG.-->
<!--Made with P5JS-->
<!--J'ai besoin de changement drastique.-FNST

<!--Gentleman SE 2025 by Lemonhaze-->

<!--
PART ONE (Provenance):

This Gentleman Special Edition 2025 will serve as the parent inscription for my 1/1s in 2025
This work will be inscribed on Uncommon Sat - 1970586875000000
Sat Date from 2024-05-31 05:36:54 UTC - IYKYK - Thank You

Honoring the original collection from my pre-parent-child era.

Gentlemen by Lemonhaze (2023)

"Gentlemen is a work in progress reflecting on the person I want to become for the love of my life. 
Becoming a gentleman is a lifelong process, a journey that only ends with my death. 
The Gentlemen are meant to inspire loyalty, integrity, love, and chivalrous behavior.
I inscribe them as I see fit, as my soul asks for it. Money alone can't buy it."

Nº1 - id: 757c7d19f53501b9f1e11f49f1731622d5d257eed99c721b32af0438d0d1f9cfi0
Nº2 - id: d79da404fdb54920a2b5f4abf36927f12bb32db2fe65a2d745f6272f61c37bc2i0
Nº3 - id: d17d6c2e96c9b129ec1fbb9a21742e06a063976494d306f6b4086a519913cc92i0
Nº4 - id: 5e2aca86c47cf065ff8e2e7c504dd995fd18d362ae0c84dace7f8e949cb08789i0
Nº5 - id: 85ced879b0ea14b10e82b55242b415c66b942c0ffc7248c3621ed6de3f21ac20i0
Nº6 - id: adfb187edd46c3125d74e91ee32817aa23b41fbc93982c137d7f83bed6cf3f3ci0
Nº7 - id: 8c0e4189127c293ea65f948f691ac2075581c6aba5a80efb988de472300928b9i0
Nº8 - id: a5773f41e19253d134e7ee3da3c10f0ab7514fa411eb394eac23b0e5d7b0ca0bi0
Nº9 - id: 63ed9211757080b3d55f25c986b6b278b7b49b1f1a13bfdb4768859653288a95i0
Nº10 - id: c85a9875a869086ecfddc68717016d0430514750d29c3aeda19a5e76bb4e7f09i0
Nº11 - id: 496c6a2527d78b8babac12dd508e0acdf7a189d6925bd1f21042f9c7b57ed051i0
Nº12 - id: d573dcd9b704a0fa1792e11e931a1ba135cc5d0d12e4f1b3cd99e475b4ee9104i0
Nº13 - id: 018a61a1fe792c3b88f78eec676284d248134af97b8ac92441f84528f6af493fi0
Nº14 - id: c4b6451e169799c321d4f1d9d66c49ebc2c768d8f5d605433112b66c3287be04i0
Nº15 - id: 7502486cda49a44cbbe5ef73f7555da07ab706e6a1474359821e932f91b476f6i0
Nº16 - id: 7c6c7110558f90cb8e995d3d9d80ccc451255402d44935dc8070fe8ea435fc3ci0
Nº17 - id: 24ebc878297f6814093e8b77d5cb624fcf976a8ef3b6cbc8a5b7bff42ce5e900i0
Nº18 - id: afd6064d31cdf3f540ccb958df4c9c74d90e12d0e999f879756f523de7e9ed5di0
Nº19 - id: 7ba7fc89c1f0a62fc378d1b04c1e98180c1cf25baed2788a08a0998594b58596i0
Nº20 - id: 459b2473398d868c9ca74856fc48c58a51eb2cbb9cc9036ac6cdb70da598b796i0
Nº21 - id: 7d63e37e4006e93d816beadd5396ea4e904d932854c54986a99363baced1cee3i0
Nº22 - id: 7d9194149d4067f30457c8f9dee19ee36f9834566118ca16091ba3e2bc6124c5i0
Nº23 - id: a3e67b4423e90e0ab0246cb4e1dd0e7029aade2803afe80c23a3d0da67507098i0
Nº24 - id: fda60c5f61aaf687a37e297b2d57dc7e1bd87fc2e4d2a5f51a9ece3c511f4f4ai0
Nº25 - id: 472c57208d1b9d0e9f264ee50406e2eb360a956bdcf85a7c833a17280fcd9df7i0

PART TWO (Process):

The other day someone asked a few questions about generative art on Twitter, to which a few artists, including myself, replied.
The questions were more precisely about aesthetic quality, technical novelty, supply, and the new ways of creating.
So here's a resume of my thoughts on the topic with some insights and updates on my own creative journey.

The first question was if aesthetic quality always align with technical novelty and how collectors can distinguish between the two.
I think aesthetic is subjective and that technical novelty doesn’t mean it necessarily looks good and vice versa.
Collectors can be interested in specific works for many different reasons without necessarily caring for the other aspects.
Therefore asking questions to the artists is generally a good idea to understand what the work and intents are all about.
And like my friend and fellow artist, Pawel Dudko said, when experimenting with new tools & media, very often the visual remain simple.
Which made me realize that it's very reflective of the evolution of my own journey of making art on Bitcoin.

If you look at my earliest works, complemented with a few key details about how and why they were created a certain way,
I think some of the less obvious things are now slowly starting to take form and make sense.
Over the last year I put a lot of focus on developing textures because it’s something that resonates with me and makes the work feel alive.
Half-digital, half-organic, all of which aligns with this vague idea of what I want to create.
Yet, what I do isn’t technically novel - but to me, it’s irrelevant because in the end I follow my own interests.

The second question was if the ability to code with AI could see new works created at an ever increasing rate.
I don’t think the recent use of AI for coding art is what is going to mindlessly flood the market.
Ultimately I believe it all comes down to the artist intent to prevent over-saturation, regardless of the medium.
While AI is a game changer for traditionally non-coder artists like myself, especially when it comes to generative art,
the AI itself doesn’t do the work for you, it merely puts your ideas into codes. Not only does it takes time and A LOT of iterations,
it requires developing an understanding of the processes and frameworks needed to get the result you’re looking for. 

The third question was if the supply was an arbitrary decision and if there was a right supply amount to express a specific concept.
Again, all depends on th artist's intent. While I think the supply is ultimately arbitrary, there are at least a few points worth keeping in mind.

For larger supply that are fully random aka "Long Form" - no curation by the artist on the final outputs, minting without parachute,
it usually requires an algorithm that is tighter and more tamed to avoid weaker/bad outputs and keep consistent quality within the collection etc.

For 1/1s and curated series, which is more in line with my personal interest and broader process
I tend to keep the algo "wild" and often generate many outputs (within the same idea)
from which I pick the one I resonate with on a given day.
This allows me to keep moving and continuously explore different ideas,
as well as improving and changing specific aspects of my base algo
and add/remove & craft new small functions, as I see fit.

This approach is better suited for my quest to define this vague idea that drives me,
and so I continuously iterate and evolve with it - and only from time to time I stop to inscribe something
Either because I have something to say, something to document or I reached a fictive milestone
where I feel satisfied (for a short moment) with the work that is in front of me.

However, this kind of approach wouldn't work for large supply (long-form).
If I wanted to do a long-form I'd need to stop the continuous exploration
and focus on tightening one single idea at a time, for a long period of time.
Which is against my desire to iterate on this vague idea of what my work should be.

Finally, the last question was if there are generative artists that had blown our minds and how.
For me it was William Mapan and his collection 'Anticyclone', one of my all-time favorite collection.
The textures and colors are just yummy - but most importantly, early on my generative journey,
I was able to connect dots and discover new perspectives & insights on how to create the works I wanted to do,
thanks to some of his social media posts where he showed glimpses into his own process.
While I wasn’t able to do the things he was doing, nor do I even remember what it was today,
for some reason it brought me back to how I used to produce music in my early 20s, with multiple tracks on top of one another.
This eventually lead me to develop my own ways and process to create my generative works with p5js.

Now let's get further back in time with the backstory of my series "Tad Small" to add more context into my broader creative journey on Bitcoin.
When I did "Tad Small" in May 2023, I did it this way because all the other works I was doing were too big and expensive to inscribe back then.
I wasn’t in the best spot financially at the time but I really wanted to keep creating and put my works on Bitcoin.
‘Tad Small’ are micro canvas, almost like pixel art, less than 1 KB each if I remember correctly. 
Why I highlight this collection? Because, it helped me see my journey of art on Bitcoin differently.
From there on, I started to create for Bitcoin, by always keeping the constraints of the chain and cost of inscribing at the top of my mind.
While I understand many artists don’t want or cannot change or adapt their style, I think it’s always interesting to explore new tools and techniques
to help you create works that resonates with you, all while keeping the constraints of your environment at the forefront.

Following 'Tad Small', in the summer of 2023 I did quite a few mini-series using similar "simple/minimal/flat" approach,
partly because the file size were small, but also because I simply had fun making these works (digitally hand drawn).
Think of my series like 'Berlin', 'Polaroid', 'Mending Fragments' and many others. By being able to inscribe these works using new techniques,
I was able to show the world that I'm here to create, experiment, improve and stick around - these works were crucial to me in understanding
certain things in my general approach to creating on Bitcoin, as well as connecting with new collectors and supporters in the space at the time.

While these works from summer 2023 may look drastically different than what I'm evolving into right now, which is heavily texturized,
You can already see tiny glimpse of this vague idea that I have in mind with my 'Gentlemen' collection as early as March 2023.
The stained-half-organic-half-digital-chic-trash vibe. The real me, somewhat punk, somewhat unpolished and raw, but always true.
The issue was that works like 'Gentlemen', 'Lotus', and even some 1/1s from 'The Artifacts', were created using mix-media (AI and Krita)
and such works tend to be heavy file size, often impossible to inscribe on Bitcoin unless compressed - and from the very start of my journey
I always wanted the highest quality file to be the one on-chain, hence why I eventually decided to explore creating with code, using p5js.

P5js allows for full-high-resolution artworks (press 'S' from the content link of the inscription) at a fraction of the size compared to plain JPG/PNG/WEBP file.
You could say inscribing in HTML (p5js) is a cheat code on Bitcoin. But similarly, here again, at first I had to familiarize myself with this new tool
and through hundreds and thousands of iterations I was slowly able to craft works that resonated with me.
If at first I was exploring simple themes and ideas, mostly without explicit textures, little by little I started to figure things out.
Things like how to craft textures to my taste following this vague idea in my mind, and just overall how to bring the works where I wanted it to be.

Yet the best kept secret, for me, was always the HTML format allowing me to leave text notes at the top, just like the text you're reading now.
Initially, I wasn't writing much but as time went by I started to value my writings more and more, until it gains the same importance as the visual, like I do now.
These notes are opening so many doors creatively speaking by complementing my works and allowing me to explore & express things beyond what we see at first glance.

Recently someone pointed out that one of my work felt like Egyptian hieroglyphs.
What I find fascinating about this observation is how it aligns with my broader ideas.
There are definitely hints of old cave pictographs and hieroglyphs in what I strive to create.
Most of which can be seen in my latest works from "1/1s (2024) by Lemonhaze".
I’ve always loved the analogy between these ancient pictorial elements and the act of inscribing my works on Bitcoin.
Both hold the potential to survive the test of time, becoming modern-day relics, much like those ancient carvings etched in history.

If most people right now can't see the work that I do, the little details in the textures and the text notes in the HTML - I have faith someday someone will.
But rest assured that I know much more can be done, that's why my best work is always the next one and I keep walking with the Kaizen mindset.

PART THREE (Personality):

Need for security?
I left the "security" of Canada (as an example) and my lifestyle is in fact, at the extreme opposite of seeking security.
I'm a modern coureur de bois, all-in Bitcoin for many years already, freelancing, always on the move and taking the kind of risks most people would never dare taking - and I love it this way. My need for basic respect & acknowledgement is a very different thing though.

Need for guidance?
I'm the leader, I take my own decisions and do things MY WAY, at all time. I'm auto-didactic.
Because after all, on n'est jamais mieux servi que par soi-même. 
Anyone who knows me in real life or been following me online, even just a little, can quickly see this.
I'm definitely not the sheep in town, and if I am, well.. I'm the black one. But if anything, I take guidance from God.

Self-doubt?
Do not to confuse moments of vulnerability with self-doubt. 
I'm just a very raw and transparent person that doesn't mind sharing the real things when I feel it.
But the real truth is, I believe nobody, and I mean NOBODY, is doing what I'm doing here right now, the way I do it.
And I'm confident one day people are gonna look back on this and say "oh shit, we've been fvcking sleeping on Lemon."
But saying this makes me sound pretentious and that's not my intention.
I said it before, I'm delusional, I dream big and truly believe in my journey.
Otherwise it wouldn't be so easy to just show up everyday and keep going, the way I do it.

What else?
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't selfish about certain things.
I'm always head down working, never looking around me.
Yet I'm expecting everyone around to care about my things.
I'm merely pointing out that I don't give a fuck about what others do,
So maybe that's why I think no one is looking at me.

PART FOUR (Goals & Quotes):

Loud when you're down
Humble when you're up

If you still don’t believe the chain is the ultimate gallery and exhibition,
you’re in for a rude awakening when history cements its place in the digital renaissance.
At some point, if it’s not on-chain, it will no longer exist, so keep fucking dreaming my friends.

I started 2024 filled with hopes and dreams, and while a lot came true, some went short.
But in the end I'm immensely grateful to everyone who made this journey possible over the year and more.
My collectors and patrons, the builders on Bitcoin - everyone who believes in something more.
I learned many lessons, realized there's a lot more work to do, and many things out of my control. 
And if at times last year I managed to disappoint myself with my own expectations,
This year, there will be absolutely no fucks given - I'll be perfecting my own thing. Period.

And if I ever get too close to the goals I've set for myself,
I will push them further to avoid boredom, just like a rolling stone.

All right, time to wrap this up with the most important things of all.
I need to take better care of my health and continue my work of becoming a gentleman for My Love.
But what I wish the most for this year is to finally become a father. At 34 years old, now is the time for me to have children,
Otherwise, what I'm doing here will be irrelevant. May God allow me to inscribe my first real-life parent-child inscription in 2025.

Bonne Année, Mercredi, 1er Janvier, 2025 - Saigon, Vietnam
Happy New Year, Wednesday, January 1st, 2025 - Saigon, Vietnam
-FNST
-->

<!--Made with p5js, ai & krita-->

<!--This work was executed throughout 2023, 2024 & 2025-->

<!--Go to the official content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the original 2048x2048 PNG-->

<!--I'll Come Your Way (Tales of a Money Player) by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Journal Entry):

I have exactly 30 days to hang on before I’m going to India reunite with My Love.
By the time I arrive, she’ll be a yoga teacher and I’ll be her student - I promised I’d be her test subject so she can practice.
To be fair, this is a win-win situation. Doing yoga isn’t gonna be a bad thing for me, I’m kinda getting rusty physically. 

As my visa in Vietnam is coming to an end, everything was booked for me to go back in Sin City in a couple days.
But if I want to help myself, I cannot go back there. So I threw everything in the trash and instead I’m going to Osaka, Japan.
If I fear I might feel lonely over there, at least everything else is going to be healthier than what was waiting for me in Sin City.
It may not seem like a big deal. You probably won’t fully understand what this means, but trust me, it’s a first step in the right direction.

Ultimately, I think my intense desire to have children is what gives me the clutch to change for real.
As much as I want to do it for her, and for myself, there’s always a shortcut, always an excuse and always a good reason to wait.
But having children? That’s Game 7 overtime in the final, there’s no way out, I have to be the money player when it matters the most.
Fatherhood is the ultimate legacy. The only thing truly bigger than me.
It’s the spark that makes us truly complementary, the place where she finally gets the best version of me.

Part 2 (Time Machine):

As I posted on Twitter back in March 22, 2023:

“I know everyone has been through a lot of shit in their lives.
But if I’m being honest, I bet you’d say I’m a wild one.
Life is a struggle, not always for the obvious reasons.
I need art to save me again.”

And frankly, thinking back on it today, art has been saving me ever since.
Similarly to how it did in my early 20s when I got lost after years of living the wrong life.
A life I may or may not elaborate on at some point in time.

Talking about my early 20s reminds me of this song I wrote and played on the guitar for My Love back in 2012.
This was before we officially got together in October 2013. At the time, we were still two young souls having fun all around.
I was probably drunk home after a night out ending with an unsuccessful hunt when I wrote this one. LOL

“Cathy Dam is digging into my mind
and I am waiting for her booty call.
Although I act like I don’t care, I know in the end
I’m the one who’s gonna lose it all.
Is there something I can say, to change your mind?
Is there something I can do, to make you mine?”

Part 3 (A Day in The Life):

1:13am:

You never gave up on me.
Now I’ll come your way.
Je t’aime mon coeur.
Bonne Nuit xxx

January 13, 2025, Saigon, Vietnam
-FNST

-->

<!--Made with p5js-->
<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR KEYBOARD TO DOWNLOAD THE ORIGINAL HIGH-RESOLUTION PNG OF THIS ARTWORK-->

<!--Duet Tacet by Lemonhaze-->

<!--
Part 1 (La tête dans les nuages):

3:03am

Ce soir je suis dans les airs, entre Saigon et Osaka,
et encore une fois j’me dit que les amours naissent les soirs d’hivers.
Mais pourtant c’est au printemps que t’es venu me rejoindre sur la rue St-Charles.
If I thought love is something that freeze in time,
maintenant je sais que ca grandi pour vrai après le gel, au printemps. 

T’avais mis une robe pour moi, et je t’aimais déjà.
Si j’osais pas le dire, et si je gardais mon air désinvolte,
c’était simplement parce que j’étais jeune et innocent.
J’avais peur de toi et de l’effet que tu avais sur moi.
Je ne voulais pas croire que l’amour est quelque chose qui évolue constamment,
un peu comme les quatre saisons au Canada. Je sais tu me l'as dit tant de fois.

Dès le début, t’as choisis l’amour.
Alors que moi j’ai pris les pires chemins,
parsemés de hauts et de bas, de lust et de charmes viscérale.
Mais tranquillement j’te rejoint mon coeur et je m’en vais nul part ailleurs.

Your smile, your kiss
and your voice whispering soft words.
I can still feel it in my bones.
Meaningless and meaningful all at once,
but not meaningless dans le mauvais sens.
I know what I’m saying doesn't sense.
But sometimes I miss the old days.

15 Janvier 2025 - Somewhere between Saigon & Osaka

Part 2 (The Song):

Duet Tacet by La Patère Rose

"La neige comme des cendres
Au milieu de décembre
Comme le poids est lourd
Comme le poids est lourd

Je porte sous le bras
Mille cahiers à la fois
Noircis de phrases belles
Écrites que pour toi

Et le sang qui me monte à la tête
Quand tu me parles d’elle
Et je souris pourtant
Et je sais que mon cœur est ailleurs dans tes sentiments
Mais je lance des cailloux à ta fenêtre
Et je lance des pierres pour que ton être
Se déchire, se divise et qu’il soit mien

J’ai déjà bien trop bu
Pour ce soir il faudrait
Que tu m’accompagnes
Dans la tempête
Nous irons, silencieux
Je ne prendrai pas ta main
Et demain si tu veux
Retourne auprès d’elle"

Performed by
La Patère Rose

Written by
Fanny Grosjean et La Patère Rose

Part 3:

4:07am:
J'ai de la misère à m'endormir, alors j'inscribe celle-ci
et puis une dernière avant de tourner la page sur cette algo.

4:20am: 
Confusin, as if I smoked a lemon!

18 Janvier 2025, Osaka, Japon

-FNST

-->

<!--Made with p5js-->

<!--Synesthésie by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (The Song):

Synesthésie by Malajube

"Ma bouche est remplie de dents contre toi
Mais je t’aime à la folie et tu es folle de moi
Je sais que par moments
Je ne suis pas complètement là
Je n’écoute pas quand tu parles de moi
Mais parle-moi de toi
Prends-moi, prends-moi pour quelqu’un d’autre
Et ne le dis jamais, ne le dis jamais
Serre-moi, serre-moi contre ton cœur
Dis-moi pourquoi tu m’aimes
Et pourquoi tu m’aimes?
Je sais que par moments
Je ne suis pas complètement là
Je n’écoute pas quand tu parles de moi
Mais parle-moi tout bas"

Performed by
Malajube

Written by
Malajube (Julien Mineau, Francis Mineau, Mathieu Cournoyer, Thomas Augustin)

Part 2 (Nostalgie Mélancolique):

I'm deep in my mind...

18 Janvier 2025, Osaka, Japon
-FNST

-->

<!--Made with p5js-->
<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR KEYBOARD TO DOWNLOAD THE ORIGINAL HIGH-RESOLUTION PNG FILE OF THIS ARTWORK-->

<!--Night Owl by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

A Day in The Life:

2:53am

The feeling of going out to eat late at night and the city being still alive is unmatched for a night owl like myself.

If it’s true I wish I wasn’t alone to do this and in fact, perhaps seeing this many people having fun kinda makes me feel lonely right now - loneliness a feeling I rarely feel as a lone wolf who enjoys solitude, but again, loneliness and solitude are two very different things - I still enjoy capturing some of the vibration from the neighboring life around me. 

That being said, now I have something to look up to at the end of next week.

Earlier today, I went to eat some pasta at the same restaurant I went last night. Yoshiko, the waitress, was kind and inviting, and the food was great, so I went back. I tend to like going back to the same places over and over again, it feels familiar and somewhat less complicated. The pasta, al dente as it should, arrabbiata sauce with salami and olives on the side to munch on while drinking my glass of Prosecco was on point.

Yeah, but back to what I’m looking forward to. While I was at this Italian restaurant, there was this French guy speaking with two Japanese girls, and I couldn’t miss his French accent when he was speaking English, and so for a rare occasion I’m the one who went forward and initiated the conversation. I needed that social interaction I guess Ahah.

He’s here for a few weeks already cuz his son got caught up in some shit (I didn’t dare asking what he did) that lended him in prison here in Japan. Apparently the conditions in prison are sub-human, and crazier, the son just had a baby girl, barely a few months old with one of the two Japanese girls who were with the man, now a grandfather.

Weirdly enough, that girl was eyeing me like a piece of meat from the moment I entered the restaurant. I almost flinched and sinned but fortunately through the conversation I learned she was the girl of the guy in prison, so I kinda felt saved by God on this one. Please forgive me, please forgive me. I don't know if I felt bad for the guy in prison or for the new mother who had a baby with this guy now in prison, or for myself or for My Love - I don't know, weird feeling I must say. I got work to do, sometimes I still feel like an animal but I know I'm not the only one. I'm defintely not proud when I allow these thoughts to run in my mind, cuz God knows I tend to walk the talk when I'm on the line.

Anyway, Nico, the French guy I talked to, was very nice. As well as the other Japanese girl, who was fluent in English. The one with the baby wasn't speaking English, at least not until I left the restaurant and we were alone outside together the time of a last cigarette - there she spoke to me with some English, but I left quickly to avoid getting myself in trouble.

Right before that, Nico invited me this coming weekend to this cozy bar uptown in Osaka, a bar owned by a another French guy - that's where the Japense girl fluent in English works. Apparently this place is known to be popular among expats and French speakers, not that I really care between speaking French or English when I'm abroad, just speaking to someone is enough right now. But I couldn’t refuse the offer since I'm starting to need that human interaction to be honest. Speaking on the phone with My Love is good, but the vibrations and waves generated from real life encounters (if you believe in this) are just not the same as over the wires.

That's when I realized that as much as I love my alone time, we, humans, need social interaction to grow and be healthy. I've heard that everyone in the blue zones, living long life, strive because of human to human interaction and I'm starting to understand why. So here I am, pondering on this kind of things tonight.

Off-topic, but thinking about this reminds me how I’d love to be writing movies at some point in my life. As I said before, there’s something beautiful about living life in the wild. The little details and nuances of the many interactions we have as humans are worth exploring beyond the surface - stories and moments that may appear banal at first glance are often the most interesting ones. Oh, and the movies I’ll write will undoubtedly have good soundtrack, it’s a must.

All right, I’m gonna chug this beer, finish my cigarette and get back home. It’s now 3:22am.

This was a short story from a night owl.

January 20th, 2025 - Osaka, Japan

-FNST

-

<!--ROSS IS FREE by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Ross Ulbricht):

Unless you’re already intellectually and morally bankrupt, today is a good day.

On January 21, 2025 - President Donald J. Trump officially granted a full unconditional pardon to Ross Ulbricht,
the founder of Silk Road, the first well-known Bitcoin marketplace.

“Launched in February 2011 by Ross Ulbricht (under the pseudonym “Dread Pirate Roberts”),
Silk Road was a dark web marketplace primarily used for buying and selling illegal goods,
such as drugs and counterfeit documents, as well as legal products.

Bitcoin was the primary currency on Silk Road because of its pseudonymous nature,
making it a pioneering platform for Bitcoin’s use in real-world transactions.
While it wasn’t the first-ever use case for Bitcoin, it significantly contributed to Bitcoin’s early adoption
and demonstrated its potential as a decentralized currency for peer-to-peer transactions.

The platform was shut down by the FBI in October 2013, but its legacy remains significant in Bitcoin history
as a catalyst for showcasing Bitcoin’s functionality and raising awareness about blockchain technology.”

For many of us in the Bitcoin community, Ross’s story represents more than the tale of a single person.
It’s a testament to the power of decentralization and Bitcoin, the fight against oppressive sentencing,
and the resilience of a movement. His pardon signifies a turning point
and vindicates years of advocacy by people who saw the injustice of his punishment
and the impact of his contribution to Bitcoin’s narrative.
This is a historical moment for Bitcoin, for freedom, and for everyone who believed in justice.

"Bitcoin made me feel like anything was possible.
Bitcoin was open to everyone.
What I liked so much about it was that it levels the playing field.”
-Ross Ulbricht

I can relate so damn profoundly with this quote from Ross,
I'm almost getting emotional right now cuz if Bitcoin didn’t exist,
I’d probably be at the mercy of some pompous fucks somewhere in Canada.
And while the truth is I would have found another way out with or without Bitcoin,
Bitcoin made it all the more significant and meaningful at scale, not just for me, but for the entire world.

God Bless Bitcoin & God Bless you, Ross!

---

Part 2 (Donald Trump):

Those who were crying about Donald Trump's involvement in the Bitcoin community
and thought that we were being naive for believing that he could deliver on his promises were proven wrong today.
I don't entirely blame them. They have been duped and lied to for many years now, by a very powerful propaganda machine.
The media and society trained them into drinking the Kool-aid of the “Bad Orange Man", and many other stupid shit over the years!
But to me, and many others, it was always crystal clear, without any ounce of doubt, that they were the gullible ones.
I may be talking too fast, we still don't have the Strategic Bitcoin Reserve, and things can change fast but I trust the process.
And let me be clear, nobody is perfect, Donald J. Trump is no exception to that. But he's authentic, he's who he is,
with the good and the bad, whether in front of millions of people, or behind closed doors.
That's also the kind of person that I am and I believe that's what this world needs more of.
But only time will tell, maybe I'm wrong, maybe I'm not. We shall find out!

---

Part 3 (It Was A Good Day):

Time for a little victory lap, with a song from Ice Cube (O'Shea Jackson),
someone that never caved into the bullshit over the years.
A true free-thinker, a role model - my people. Cheers sir.

It Was A Good Day by Ice Cube:

"Break 'em
Shit
Ah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Uh

Just wakin' up in the mornin', gotta thank God
I don't know, but today seems kinda odd
No barkin' from the dog, no smog
And mama cooked the breakfast with no hog (Damn)
I got my grub on, but didn't pig out
Finally got a call from a girl I wanna dig out (What's up?)
Hooked it up for later as I hit the door
Thinkin', "Will I live another twenty-four?"
I gotta go 'cause I got me a drop-top
And if I hit the switch, I can make the ass drop
Had to stop at a red light
Lookin' in my mirror, not a jacker in sight
And everything is alright
I got a beep from Kim, and she can fuck all night
Called up the homies and I'm askin' y'all
"Which park are y'all playin' basketball?"
Get me on the court and I'm trouble
Last week, fucked around and got a triple-double
Freakin' niggas every way like MJ
I can't believe today was a good day (Shit)
See Ice Cube Live
Get tickets as low as $126
You might also like
THE HEART PART 6
Drake
Family Matters
Drake
But Daddy I Love Him
Taylor Swift

Drove to the pad and hit the showers
Didn't even get no static from the cowards
'Cause just yesterday them fools tried to blast me
Saw the police and they rolled right past me
No flexin', didn't even look in a nigga's direction
As I ran the intersection
Went to Short Dog's house, they was watchin' Yo! MTV Raps
What's the haps on the craps?
Shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em up, shake 'em
Roll 'em in a circle of niggas
And watch me break 'em with the seven, seven-eleven, seven-eleven
Seven, even back door Little Joe
I picked up the cash flow
Then we played bones, and I'm yellin', "Domino"
Plus nobody I know got killed in South Central L.A.​
Today was a good day (Shit)

Left my nigga's house paid (Word)
Picked up a girl been tryna fuck since the 12th grade
It's ironic, I had the brew, she had the chronic
The Lakers beat the Supersonics
I felt on the big fat fanny
Pulled out the jammy and killed the punani
And my dick runs deep, so deep
So deep, put her ass to sleep
Woke her up around one
She didn't hesitate to call Ice Cube the top gun (Yeah)
Drove her to the pad and I'm coastin'
Took another sip of the potion, hit the three-wheel motion
I was glad everything had worked out (Uh)
Dropped her ass off and then chirped out
Today was like one of those fly dreams
Didn't even see a berry flashin' those high beams
No helicopter lookin' for a murder
Two in the mornin', got the Fatburger
Even saw the lights of the Goodyear Blimp
And it read, "Ice Cube's a Pimp" (Yeah)
Drunk as hell, but no throwin' up
Halfway home and my pager still blowin' up
Today I didn't even have to use my AK
I gotta say, it was a good day (Shit)

Hey, wait, wait a minute
Pooh, stop this shit
What the fuck am I thinkin' about?"

Songwriter(s):
O'Shea Jackson, Marvin Isley, Rudolph Isley, O'Kelly Isley, Ernie Isley, Ronald Isley, Chris Jasper

Producer(s):
DJ Pooh

---

Part 4 (A Day in The Life):

1:42pm:

If you read this HTML and disagree, let's agree to disagree.
I'm happy to let the world and nature speak for itself.
Know that I might still appreciate you for the other things and values we share in common.
At the end of the day, we just need a better world and more love.

Cheers Ross, Donald and everyone!

-FNST

January 22, 2025 - Osaka, Japan

-->

<!--Made with p5js-->

<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR KEYBOARD TO DOWNLOAD THE ORIGINAL HIGH-RES PNG OF THIS ARTWORK-->

<!--Voyager by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (The Song):

Voyager by Jean LeLoup

"J'aimerais parfois m'arrêter
Trouver un endroit où rester
Mais je n'aime que voyager
Et je ne fais que passer
Parfois, j'ai envie de stopper, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Soit que je rencontre un ami, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Ou que je me sente endormi, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Je stationne un peu par ici, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Car il faut des fois un accord, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Entre la peur et le confort, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Entre la voile et puis le port, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Entre la vie et puis la mort, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu...
J'aime beaucoup trop le mouvement
Et ne serait-ce qu'un instant
Je n'ose jamais me surprendre
Je n'arrive jamais à me rendre
Et je ne fais que passer
Je ne fais jamais que passer
Et je ne fais que passer
Je ne fais jamais que passer
Parfois, j'ai envie de stopper, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu (hey hey ho...)
Soit que je rencontre un ami, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Ou que je me sente endormi, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Je stationne un peu par ici, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Car il faut des fois un accord, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Entre la peur et le confort, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Entre la voile et puis le port, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Entre la vie et puis la mort, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu...
J'aimerais parfois m'arrêter
Trouver un endroit où rester, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Mais je n'aime que voyager, tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu
Et je ne fais que passer
Tu-ti-li ti-tu-ti-tu."

Written by Jean Leloup (Jean Leclerc)

2:22am
Cette chanson de Jean Leloup m’a toujours suivi depuis l’époque où elle était dans la playlist préférée d’Anna.
Je croyais avoir perdu ce travail, mais en faisant du ménage dans mon laptop, je l’ai retrouvé.
J’ai fait quelques modifications, comme ajouter mes textures plus récentes et utiliser des couleurs plus sobres.
Et pourtant, j’ai encore trouvé le moyen de me décevoir hier, et maintenant, j’en fais de l’insomnie. I need God.

January 24, 2025 - Osaka, Japan

-FNST

-->

<!--Made with AI, Krita & P5JS-->

<!--Executed in 2024-2025-->

<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR KEYBOARD TO DOWNLOAD THE ORIGINAL HIGH RESOLUTION PNG OF THIS ARTWORK-->

<!--Paysage by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (The Song):

Paysage by Les Colocs

"Je veux, pour composer chastement mes églogues
Coucher auprès du ciel comme les astrologues
Et dessous des clochers, écouter en rêvant
Leurs hymnes solennels emportés par le vent
Les deux mains au menton, du haut de ma mansarde
Je verrai l'atelier qui chante et qui bavarde
Les tuyaux, les clochers, les mâts de la cité
Et les grands ciels qui font rêver
Comme il est doux
À travers les brumes, de voir naître l'étoile
Comme il est doux
À travers les brumes, de voir naître l'étoile
Les fleuves de charbon monter au firmament
Et la lune verser son pâle enchantement
Je verrai des printemps, des étés, les automnes
Et quand viendra l'hiver aux neiges monotones
Je fermerai partout portières et volets
Pour bâtir dans la nuit mes féeriques palais
Alors je rêverai mes horizons bleuâtres
Des jardins, des jets d'eau pleurant dans les
Comme il est doux
À travers les brumes, de voir naître l'étoile
Comme il est doux
À travers les brumes, de voir naître l'étoile
Comme il est doux
À travers les brumes, de voir naître l'étoile
Comme il est doux
À travers les brumes, de voir naître l'étoile
Xalé bu guénné ba goor ni wax ak moom
Bu déllo dafay fookné adunabi dara tëwuko
Xalé bu guénné ba goor ni wax ak moom
Bu déllo dafay fookné adunabi dara tëwuko
Manmilé waarunaa manmilé jaxxlénaa
Manmilé waarunaa manmilé jaxxlénaa
Boo xooléé adunabi nimu taaroo
Bu booba dinga xamné buurbi yalla moommii késsé la
Nga xool adunabi nimu taaroo
Bu booba dinga xamné buurbi yalla dara tëwuko
Xamal lala war té jëf lala war
Bu booba dinga xammé buurbi yalla moommii kessé la
Di piccë di ciééli ramatou
Mbâ léppë lumu mana doon
Bu sabbéé nga xamné nii la taaroo
Di yaayam di baayam di léép
Loo xamné maanaam warnakaa
Mana doon adunabi yaye nii la taaroo
Wo niila taaroo addunabi yow niila taaroo
Wo niila taaroo addunabi yow niila taaroo
Wo niila taaroo addunabi yow niila taaroo
Wo niila taaroo addunabi yow niila taaroo
Xalé bu guénné ba goor ni wax ak moom
Bu déllo dafay fookné adunabi dara tëwuko
Xalé bu guénné ba goor ni wax ak moom
Bu déllo dafay fookné adunabi dara tëwuko
Xalé bu guénné ba goor ni wax ak moom
Bu déllo dafay fookné adunabi dara tëwuko
Xalé bu guénné ba goor ni wax ak moom
Bu déllo dafay fookné adunabi dara tëwuko...
À travers les brumes
De voir naître l'étoile, comme il est doux
À travers les brumes
De voir naître l'étoile, comme il est doux
Comme il est doux
Comme il est doux"

Written by:
Charles Beaudelaire, Dédé (André) Fortin, Elage Diouf, Karim Diouf, Mike Sawatzky

2:44am:

I need to commit hara-kiri on my old habits.

January 24, 2025 - Osaka, Japan

-FNST

-->

<!--Made with AI, Krita & P5JS-->

<!--Executed in 2024-2025—>

<!-- Lost in Bangkok by Lemonhaze-->

<!--
Part 1 (Poem):

Went out for a walk and got lost.
That’s when I met Chanchanok.

Did all.
Not done.
Now more.

Straying away from My Love.

A Dream, Thank God, the smoke,
Now I’m back to square one.

How far
are you
willing
to go?

Bring me back to My Love.

Only when I lose control.
Nothing worse for my soul.

Next move
is yours,
Where are
you now?

I’m lost in Bangkok

1:01am - February 4, 2025 - Bangkok, Thailand

Part 2 (The Song):
Balcony in Milano by Palmate (Written by Ufuk Arda)

Part 3 (A Day in The Life):

1:43am:
I've been back in Thailand for a week already. And since my apartment in Sin City was no logner available
I decided to stay in Bangkok for the first week but tomorrow I'm heading to Ayutthaya, the anciant capital of the Kingdom of Siam.
I never been there before, but I found a nice and affordable apartment that will be my home for the next two weeks.

February 4, 2025 - Bangkok, Thailand

-FNST

-->

<!--Made with AI, Krita & p5js

<!--Chanchanok's Temple by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Poem):

Losing track of why
And time is passing by

Different kind of vibes
My temple in the jungle.

Dreaming of Chanchanok
A different kind of high

I promise this is the last time
I’m soon back to you My Love.

Part 2 (Duality):

"The quality or state of having two different or opposite parts or elements : dualism"

Part 3 (A Day in The Life):

3:00 am:
C'est la St-Valentin and My Love is away
I'm by myself lacking sleep but it's ok
Insaisissable Mirage on display
It was in Paris today.

February, 14, 2025 - Ayutthaya, Thailand

-FNST

-->

<!--Made with AI, Krita & P5JS

<!--Minute, papillon! by Lemonhaze-->

<!-- 

Part 1 (Poem):

Minute, papillon

L’erreur est un battement d’aile.
Le fichier s’ouvre,
La mémoire s’efface.

Minute, papillon

C’est l’horreur sans elle.
Au bord du gouffre,
Tu perds la face.

Encore et encore,
La tête dans les nuages.

Minute, papillon!
Ne t’envole pas maintenant.

9:44pm:

Apart from visiting a few temples the other day, Ayutthaya and my current building is pretty casual/boring.
I guess I'll find a place near a beach or back in Bangkok for the next two weeks before heading to India.
Otherwise I've been digitally painting and crafting for most of my days lately, when I'm down on earth.
I miss you My Love, j'ai hate de faire du yoga avec toi - I'm such a better man when you are around.

February 15, 2025 - Ayutthaya, Thailand

-FNST

-->

<!--Made with Digiral-AI Scrap Collage, Krita & P5JS-->

<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR KEYBOARD TO DOWNLOAD THE ORIGINAL HIGH-RESOLUTION PNG OF THIS ARTWORK-

<!-- Le Marchand de Rêves by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Timeline):

Born 199X

1280 rue Beauregard

Lemonhaze, since 2011

Freshman & Sophomore Ordinals 2023 & 2024 

Part 2 (Routine):

Flashing colors and sleepless nights
Deprivation in the morning light

Flashing colors and sleepless nights
Deprivation in the morning light

Repeat

Flashing colors and sleepless nights
Deprivation in the morning light

Flashing colors and sleepless nights
Deprivation in the morning light

Sleep

My demons are holding me back
Michaël knew, he was right

My demons are holding me back
Michaël knew, he was right

Delete

28 days to fight
Sleeping at night

28 days to fight
Sleeping all the time

Everything
will be
fine.

Part 3 (Milestone):

My piece 'Chamber of Reflection' was at the Contemporary Discoveries auction at Sotheby’s New York from Feb 18-28, 2025

Part 4 (A Day in the Life):

1:03am:

Today I felt like painting or at least doing something physical
But it actually slipped out of my mind as I started to paint digitally

1:04am:
My Love is at Isha Foundation
Continuing her dream travel in India.

1:17am:
I'm back in Sin City, smoking the good and the bad things,
Indulging in life, making art and dreaming more - peak delusion.

I'm thinking about the past two years - or the last eight.
How I relapsed just after making my firsts Gentlemen.
Looking for more, like a junkie chasing the dragon.

1:26am:
I'm at Olympus - the pool is simply wonderful around the condominium complex.
The only issue is that the bed isn't hard enough for my liking. Otherwise, all fine.

1:34am:
In a few days Victoria is supposed to arrive in BKK and visit me for a week here in Sin City.

1:47am:
Just ordered some Chinese food.

I will put this on-chain, it's a gift to myself.

A self-portrait. Le Marchand de Rêves.

March 9, 2025, Sin City, Thailand.

-FNST
-->

<!--Made with Krita, AI & P5JS-->

<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR KEYBOARD TO DOWNLOAD THE ORIGINAL HIGH-RESOLUTION PNG OF THIS ARTW

<!--Last Call by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Choose Wisely):

Collapse or Salvation?

Part 2 (Poem not poem):

I fed the ghost to feel alive.
But the ghost only wanted me hollow.

Who do I want to become?

From this day on, I feed the soul.
I choose light where I once chose mud.
I choose stillness where I once chose chaos.

It's the last call to who I want to become.

Part 3 (Q & A):

What part of myself do I still refuse to kill?

The one who still wants to disappear

The one who wants to feel everything all at once

The one who confuses freedom with self-destruction

Part 4 (A Day in The Life):

12:03am:

I should be sleeping right now but I thought I might as well inscribe this piece while I'm still alive.

12:07am: 

"I need to take better care of my health and continue my work of becoming a gentleman for My Love.
But what I wish the most for this year is to finally become a father." - I wrote this the HTML of Gentleman SE 2025

Why am I quoting this here? Cuz I'm off to a terrible start so far.
Unless I truly make the decision to stop, it will only get worse.

12:22am:

For the past 3 months it's been none-stop.
It's not everyday, but close to it.
The worst is that I binge and sin.
I simply cannot be alone anymore.
I fucking managed to do it in Japan.
In Japan! Can you imagine?
There isn't a single place on earth where I'm safe from myself.
Yet here I am, alone in silence - my only escape being the chain.

12:39am:

"Karma is just you, repeating your patterns, virtues, and flaws until you finally get what you deserve." -Naval Ravikant

2:06am:

I’ve walked deep into the underworld - tasted almost everything.
Now I'm a ghost and the only thing left to try is being truly alive.

2:09am:
I'm asking for help.
Loneliness turning into hell.
Life's spiraling down the well.
May God save me once again?

2:22am:
Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll - Not Even Once

2:33am:
Rebirth

March 24, 2025 - Sin City, Thailand

-FNST

-->

<!--Made with Krita, AI & p5js-->

<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR KEYBOARD TO DOWNLOAD THE ORIGINAL HIGH-RESOLUTION FILE OF THIS AR

<!--Off-Kilter by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Abstract):

Away from the usual - tilted by instinct, curiosity, and dissonance. But even in imbalance, there's movement. Lean into the tilt until motion finds you where logic won't.

4:15pm:

Full deprivation mode - this needs to stop.

4:17pm:

Art is art.

Art is a form of expression, reflection, resistance, and storytelling that transcends medium, market, and moment.

In 2025, many of us create digitally - natively - and it just happens that blockchains like Bitcoin offer real, practical benefits for digital artists & creators:

– Deterministic provenance
– Transfer and tracking of ownership
– Long-term immutable storage & preservation
– Native built-in currency and marketplaces
– Global access and verification without platform risk
– The ability to publish directly to an open, public network without gatekeepers

Art on-chain isn’t a trend or industry gimmick.

It’s merely an evolution in how we archive, distribute, and protect creative work in a digital world.

Some came here to trade memes and chase pumps.

Others came here to build a legacy.

5:49pm:

A HUGE THANK YOU to my friends and fellow artists, Pawel Dudko and Nathan Cornes (wageDu) for helping me fix the issue with the previous version of these works that was not working on mobile! I'm so grateful to have highly knowledgeable and helpful people in my entourage. Cheers, boys!

April 22, 2025 - Jomtien Beach, Thailand

-FNST
-->

<!--Made with p5js, AI & Krita-->

<!--Glass Breaker by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Abstract):

The pulse scatters, the mind fractures and for a moment, everything feels like truth. But it's taking over, turning rhythm into hollow.

Part 2 (The Song):

Glass Breaker by The Crystal Method ft. Charlotte Martin

"So, we will say our last goodbyes now
Now that we've worn each other down
I won't ask anything of you again
You won't be seeing me around
Now that I'm shattered on your floor
I'd still do anything for you
I'd shake my fists into the sky forever
And there is nothing I can do
You're mistaken
You know I'm fading out
I won't be broken down
Oh, you're glass breaking
My heart faking and
I just won't be
I just won't be around
I won't be crawling at our door
I, I, I won't be following you around
So if you see me do not be afraid
'Cause I have nothing for you now
Oh, you're mistaken
You know I'm fading out
I won't be broken down
Oh, you're glass breaking
You're heart faking and
I just won't be around
You're mistaken
You know I'm fading out
I won't be broken down
Oh, you're glass breaking
Heart faking and
I just won't be
I just won't be around
I won't be crawling at our door
I, I, I won't be following you around
I won't be crawling at our door
I, I, I won't be following you around"

Glass Breaker by The Crystal Method ft. Charlotte Martin
Written by Ken Jordan and Scott Kirkland

Part 3 (A Day in The Life):

6:11pm:

I know having duplicates of these works in "1/1s (2025) by Lemonhaze" is gonna look ugly, but it is what it is... on-chain life!

April 22, 2025 - Jomtien Beach, Thailand

-FNST
-->

<!--Made with p5js, AI & Krita-->

<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR KEYBOARD TO DOWNLOAD THE STATIC SNAPSHOP OF THIS ARTWORK or PRESS 'R' TO START/STOP RECORDING THE ORIGINAL (DYNAMIC) & OFFICIAL VERSION OF T

<!--Mending Out by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Abstract):

When denial dissolves and clarity takes form, what remains is not hope but choice - the will to exist despite the shivers, mending out the fracture. 

6:29pm:

I have about one month to recover from the last four... It might not be enough, but I gotta trust the process.

April 22, 2025 - Jomtien Beach, Thailand

-FNST
-->

<!--Made with p5js, AI & Krita-->

<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR KEYBOARD TO DOWNLOAD THE STATIC SNAPSHOP OF THIS ARTWORK or PRESS 'R' TO START/STOP RECORDING THE ORI

<!--Necronies by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Cynicism):

A bitter mix of nepotism, served cold with a twist of orange corruption.

• 1 part Friend
• 1 part Loyalty
• 1 part Influence
Garnish with hush freebies.

After all, we don’t serve Necronies with a twist of Lemon.

Part 2 (Context):

As much as I think these conferences art display are impersonal,
and don’t do justice to the artworks nor the artists.
It’s the gesture of being included in them that matters.

Part 3 (Song):

You Can't Always Get What You Want
by The Rolling Stones

"I saw her today at the reception
A glass of wine in her hand
I knew she would meet her connection
At her feet was a foot-loose man
No, you can't always get what you want
You can't always get what you want
You can't always get what you want
But if you try sometime, you'll find
You get what you need

I saw her today at the reception
A glass of wine in her hand
I knew she was gonna meet her connection
At her feet was a foot-loose man
You can't always get what you want
You can't always get what you want
You can't always get what you want
But if you try, sometimes
Well, you might find
You get what you need
Ah, yeah
Oh
And I went down to the demonstration
To get my fair share of abuse
Singing, "We're gonna vent our frustration
If we don't, we're going to blow a 50-amp fuse"
Sing it to me, honey
You can't always get what you want
You can't always get what you want, yeah
You can't always get what you want
But if you try sometimes
Well, you just might find
You get what you need
Ah, baby, yeah
Ah
I went down to the Chelsea drugstore
To get your prescription filled
I was standing in line with Mr. Jimmy
And man, did he look pretty ill
We decided that we would have a soda
My favourite flavour, cherry red
I sung my song to Mr. Jimmy
Yeah, and he said one word to me and that was "Dead"
I said to him
"You can't always get what you want, well, no"
You can't always get what you want, I tell you, baby
You can't always get what you want, no
But if you try sometime
You just might find, uh, mm
You get what you need, oh, yeah, woo
Woo!
You get what you need, yeah, ow, baby
Ah, yeah
I saw her today at the reception
In her glass was a bleeding man
She was practiced at the art of deception
Well, I could tell by her blood-stained hands
Sing it
You can't always get what you want, yeah
You can't always get what you want, ooh, yeah, child
You can't always get what you want
But if you try sometime, you just might find
You just might find
You get what you need, ah, yeah
Ah, yeah, woo
Ah, you can't always get what you want (no, no, baby)
You can't always get what you want (you can't now, now)
You can't always get what you want
Hmm, but if you try sometime, you just might find
You just might find that you get what you need
Ah, yeah
Ah, yeah, do that"

You Can't Always Get What You Want
by The Rolling Stones

Written by
Keith Richards & Mick Jagger

Produced by
Jimmy Miller

Part 4 (A Day in The Life):

6:33pm:
Every choice has consequences.

6:39pm:
Thanks for the fuel - you know who you are.

May 3, 2025 - Kowloon, Hong Kong

-FNST
-->

<!--Made with p5js, WebGL, AI & Krita-->

<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR KEYBOARD TO DOWNLOAD THE STATIC SNAPSHO

<!--Flashback by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Flashback):

Moment Nº1:

— CATHY ATM (October 29, 2013) —

I wanna take you away
Go far and start a new life
Make new friends and never come back
That’s how I feel with you baby

I feel that this could have no end
Having kids, diner and breakfast
A middle class work with PRESIDENT LOVE

You may think I speak too fast, but I’m not.
It took me so long to write this down
As long as it took me to give you the crown.

I’m not counting the time anymore with you
My feelings are strong enough to know what I want

ONE LOVE and a STRONG ONE

… Now that it’s all said, I’m scared.
Can I ever drive you there… will you join me…
Are we gonna rock this out?
Are we gonna rock this out?

Cathy at the moment

by

FNSL xo

Moment Nº2:

— Six Feet Under (December 13, 2013) —

The rise and fall of Nathaniel
Crazy mom and creepy home
Everyone is getting down
At the funeral, at the funeral

Written and composed
by Lemonhaze

Performed by
Lemonhaze & Charles Cantin

Moment Nº3:

— Un article que Cathy m’avait envoyé (February 23, 2014)
"J’ai choisi l’amour" (par Alexandre Champagne) —

“Avec du recul, du travail, en toute humilité et sans penser que je peux changer le monde, j’aimerais m’adresser à tous ceux qui se sont reconnus dans l’un ou l’autre des symptômes que j’ai décrits et réussir à les convaincre, à mon tour, que c’est possible de vivre bien.

Parce qu’on ne naît pas anxieux, en colère, violent ou en détestant la Saint-Valentin. La vie nous transforme à son gré et selon un paquet de facteurs différents. Bien sûr, j’enlève de l’équation les évènements extérieurs comme les tragédies climatiques, la maladie et tout ce qu’on ne peut réellement contrôler.
Il y a les épreuves que la vie nous envoie et celles que l’on se crée. Ce sont de ces dernières dont je parle. J’accepte aujourd’hui de ne pas avoir le contrôle sur beaucoup d’épreuves que la vie m’envoie, mais j’assume surtout avoir le pouvoir de contrôler et de diminuer celles que je me crée moi-même. 
C’est à grands coups d’amour (merci Gerry Boulet), d’humilité, de patience, de courage et de travail que j’y arrive, mais tout ça ne serait rien sans l’amour propre. Heureusement, ça se cultive.
Qu’on s’entende, je ne dis pas que, si on s’aime, dans deux jours, les itinérants auront un toit, un emploi stable et que les gens vont se mettre à « pitcher » des rayons roses par le ventre comme les Calinours pour enrayer la misère.
Il faut juste faire un premier pas. Pour ma part, j’ai changé mon alimentation, j’ai perdu du poids, j’essaie d’être à l’écoute des autres, je me fâche moins et l’angoisse et l’anxiété ont quasiment disparu. Mais je me fâche encore et il m’arrive de moins bien manger, de perdre patience et de trop vouloir être parfait.

Mais ce qui me sauve, c’est l’amour. Chaque fois. Je me pardonne (difficilement), je remonte dans mes souliers et je recommence. J’essaie vraiment fort d’avoir la même patience pour les autres, aussi.

Je vous souhaite autant de bonheur que je m’en souhaite. J’aimerais ça qu’on soit une géante gang à s’adresser à la réalité, plutôt qu’à faire semblant que ça n’existe pas, à travers des concours d’égos et de relations futiles. En plus, quand on est une grosse gang, ça coûte moins cher louer le Laser Quest.

L’histoire ne s’arrête pas ici pour moi. La vie continue et c’est avec toute l’humilité du monde que j’espère avoir fait du bien à quelqu’un. C’est ma petite histoire à moi, elle vaut ce qu’elle vaut.

J’ai confiance qu’elle finisse bien, parce que j’ai choisi l’amour.

(OH SHIT! LA FIN C’EST COMME LE DÉBUT, C’EST TELLEMENT CONCEPT!)”

Moment Nº4:

—Good for Me (May 23, 2012)
Almost exactly 13 years ago, yet so timeless. This friend knew me more than I knew myself back then.—

“Good for Me
A man who’s working hard to hide his talent 
I tell myself he’s shy and prefers to stay silent 
But his soul is screaming to be heard
He’s just scared to be overheard

But I’m here to remind him of his voice
And he can throw it all away it’s his choice
Or he can learn to appreciate
The beginning of all that we are going to create

And Yet He looks at his own reflection 
And he always tries to mention
That the man he became to be
Is far from what’s good for me

And all I do is smile
He doesn’t understand and this might take a while
That all his imperfections
Still show his great intentions

What matters to me
Is not what he says he’ll never be
What counts is what he’s not seeing
He has to let me bring back that breathless feeling

And yet he looks at his own reflection
And he always tries to mention
That the man he became to be 
Is far from what’s good for me

What he doesn’t remember
Is that hypnotizing smile
That touch so tender 
That gets your heart going for miles

Yet he doesn’t get why I admire 
How he turns whatever room he’s in on fire
Doesn’t matter if he plays his guitar wrong 
It’s all about his hurt he turns into a song

And yet he looks at his own reflection
And he always tries to mention
That the man he became to be 
Is far from what’s good for me 

If you try and walk away from your dream
I’m here to remind you to live it to the extreme 
Because while you’ll be leaving 
I’ll keep believing.” 

Written by Stacey Pereira
Performed by Lemonhaze

Part 2 (The Song):

Young and Beautiful by Lana Del Rey

“I've seen the world, done it all, had my cake now
Diamonds, brilliant, and Bel Air now
Hot summer nights, mid-July
When you and I were forever wild
The crazy days, city lights
The way you'd play with me like a child
Will you still love me when I'm no longer young and beautiful?
Will you still love me when I got nothing but my aching soul?
I know you will, I know you will, I know that you will
Will you still love me when I'm no longer beautiful?
I've seen the world, lit it up as my stage now
Channeling angels in the new age now
Hot summer days, rock and roll
The way you'd play for me at your show
And all the ways I got to know
Your pretty face and electric soul
Will you still love me when I'm no longer young and beautiful?
Will you still love me when I got nothing but my aching soul?
I know you will, I know you will, I know that you will
Will you still love me when I'm no longer beautiful?
Dear Lord, when I get to Heaven
Please let me bring my man
When he comes, tell me that you'll let him in
Father, tell me if you can
All that grace, all that body
All that face makes me wanna party
He's my sun, he makes me shine like diamonds
Will you still love me when I'm no longer young and beautiful?
Will you still love me when I got nothing but my aching soul?
I know you will, I know you will, I know that you will
Will you still love me when I'm no longer beautiful?
Will you still love me when I'm no longer beautiful?
Will you still love me when I'm not young and beautiful?”

Written by Elizabeth Grant and Richard W. Jr. Nowels

Part 3 (Lotus):

Lotus by Lemonhaze (2023)

“Emerging from the depths of murky waters with pristine petals, Lotus is inspired by my other half, who remains pure in spite of it all.
The Lotus embodies beauty, strength, and resilience - a symbol of the women's experience. My reason to become a gentleman.”

Lotus Nº1 - 445bcb28bbc8ae9e64fee6c3342908f2bf45f1fbba2b45da09d1da18d964a761i0

Lotus Nº2 - 465c11bb0a2462b267762bc320aeaf4cdd0ef6c50d6f51ac34c67689af3d718fi0

Lotus Nº3 - eed7db5bc47c2cfcb10ac95a0fb930219da3b5a6e7ba096f85ebee50e25ce150i0

Lotus Nº4 - a71cf3f3446fad723bb99ba5385bae78cd6a0c55f082ad4c4b487e84b19ac890i0

Lotus Nº5 - 1e8fb324f66f11dbfae809ae34e3b16cb45dd00899e51baf3dc09f261e36443fi0

Lotus Nº6 - 11cb8b00ea3350da3215d736d297bf569848669eec170366d4f0866ca6d98a4fi0

Lotus Nº7 - 9843699acd51e97dd4533935f01b9f0625d710d8339534b750528dd124457cc2i0

Lotus Nº8 - 463d8112fd4562d3ac7503401e106315ca8abf4deb47a05a10658d79248022d8i0

Lotus Nº9 - 50aec341f039def4077a8c91847d991de408606a77ddc342d1288e352059bba1i0

Part 4 (A Day in The Life):

7:57pm
Au cours des deux dernières semaines, j’ai du m’ouvrir à Cathy parce que la vérité est que j’ai dérapé depuis le début de l’année.
J’ai du lui avouer des choses qui ne sont pas facile à dire, encore moins à la personne qu’on aime.
Mais si rien ne va pour moi personnellement, j’ai réalisé qu’au final, la vie fait bien les choses quand on y pense.
J’étais sensé la rejoindre en Inde, il y a déjà plusieurs mois, mais le vice et la procrastination ont eux le meilleur de moi.
Et pourtant, ce fût la meilleure chose qui sois arrivé - car même si moi j’ai sombré, Cathy, elle, a pu profiter à fond et à sa manière de son voyage de rêves en Inde.
Si j’y étais ce ne serait pas pareil et Dieu le sais. 

8:08pm:
Cathy, life gave you the best outcome possible this yearand me the worst - as we both deserved.
Le Karma c’est vrai, maintenant je le sais. All I wish is your happiness, the best and nothing else.
Moving forward, I have no doubt God will keep on giving it to you My Love.

8:11pm:
Je me suis mis moi-même à la porte de ce monde.
J’ose même plus demander une millième chance tellement j’ai honte. 
J’ai repoussé les gens qui m’aiment. Toi, mon coeur - ainsi que ma famille.

8:13pm:
I realize that I was scared because deep down I knew I was gonna fail. Words are spell.
Inconsciemment je me suis tracé un destin tragic. J’ai adulé le diable plutôt qu’admirer Dieu.
Je me suis souhaité le pire, car je n’ai jamais su réellement m’aimer et m’accepter comme je suis.

8:18pm:
Sunday, July 8, 1990 - 22:49 - Longueuil, Canada

8:21pm:
You don’t know what being alone is until you’re alone for real.
You don’t know what losing time is until you lose it for real.

8:42pm:
Going through these old emails, screenshots, photos and short recordings of music demo on my old email account “Kamlung” (from the Chinese restaurant in Longueuil) reminded me that I used to sign my stuff FNSL instead of FNST as I do nowadays.

9:37pm:
I’m gonna finish this and inscribe it for eternity - this was the start of our story.

Je t’aime, Cathy.
My Little Dragon.
My Love. Ma Lotus.

11:03pm:
Saturday, May 24, 1991 - 2:25am - Montreal, Canada

May 13, 2025 - Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

-FNST
-->

<!--Made with p5js & WebGL-->

<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR KEYBOARD TO DOWNLOAD THE STATIC SNAPSH

<!--Soleil & Mer by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Personal Rockstar):

Your mom will always be your biggest fan.
She sees all the versions of you - the broken, the brilliant, the boy, the man.
And somehow still believes in every single one of them.

I wish I could take back some of what I said and did.
I always feel the urgency to write those things on-chain,
When in reality I should feel the urgency to mend things back.

Part 2 (Mommy):

Volatility #3 - bf23cae19c9f5e29d158e39293142592b6964367333dba49262d015afbc502cai0

Mommy - 63683bb4644618334816f16bd563f4d0f7f99f92498b7092a452f11f3ab6b5dfi0

Birthday Gift To My Mom - c551aeb04e04d3aea30a4a268e745b1d0be27fd49c8533984d92bcef6afb5c52i0

Part 3 (A Day in The Life):

12:09am:

Je suis arrivé à Saigon aujourd'hui et Cathy arrivera lundi matin.
Mais je dois avouer que ces jours-ci, c'est à ma mère, mes sœurs et mon frère que j'ai la tête.
Le simple fait d'avoir écrit que ça allait faire 4 ans que je suis parti du Canada,
et que je ne les ai pas vus depuis, ça me rend malade. De l'orgueil mal placé, comme ma mère dirait.

May 18, 2025 - Saigon, Vietnam

-FNST
-->

<!--Made with p5js & WebGL-->

<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR KEYBOARD TO DOWNLOAD THE STATIC SNA

<!--Birthday Girl by Lemonhaze-->

<!-- 

Part 1 (La carte de fête avec la lotus fait à la main):

Un an de plus, mais ce n'est qu'un chiffre.
La beauté de ton coeur et la générosité de ton âme,
eux restent à jamais les mêmes. Bonne fête, My Love.
Je t'aime
Fred xxx

1:09am:
Today was a good day for My Love's birthday.

1:11am:
"On s'couche là, yé genre 1 hr!" -My Love

1:16am (Cathy):
Pour la première fois en longtemps (la dernière fois c'était à mes 21 ans) que le jour de ma fête je me préocupe de l'âge aka du chiffre que j'ai-- 34 ans. C'est presque que 35 ans, donc presque 40ans. AH! 

1:21am (Cathy):
But still I am so grateful for my life. Je fais litéralment ce que je veux, quand je veux. Jle dis tout le temps.

1:36am:
I got her to write a few words with her bare hands directly from VS Code! :):)
Once on-chain, she can say she "scratched her sound on the record of the universe".

1:59am:
Your own interpretation is usually the good one. Or something like that.

25 May, 2025 - Hoi An, Vietnam

-FNST
-->

<!--Made with p5js & WebGL-->

<!--GO TO THE OFFICIAL CONTENT LINK OF THIS INSCRIPTION AND PRESS 'S' ON YOUR 

<!--Loft Gallery [Prototype] by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (The Seed):

Loft Gallery

Inscription ID:
7535b0d9166ad71f590e9143c49365c118e55d520be60b76b34d8eb1de8fedebi0

Part 2 (The Quote):

"When the crowd leaves,
And the craze fades,
I will still be here,
Making shit for real."
-Lemonhaze

Inscription ID:
b8acd0a45be8663deea56e28ab831f067ceec54ef68c416b812e17266acf1eddi0

Part 3 (The Sample):

Untitled: Plage et Pastel

Inscription ID:
9dd493c6bfa8d1581487e7a76405e7e0569b518c49d8069a4b1efb1cccd55414i0

Part 4 (A Day in The Life):

8:06pm:
I gotta keep moving - this is gonna be the first iteration of Loft Gallery.

8:09pm:
Crazy to think about how it's been a while since I last inscribed and kept the journal up to date.
In short, I've been in Vietnam with with My Love for the past month working on my new website and this idea of onchain Loft Gallery.

8:11pm:
I'm eager to explore new ways of viewing and presenting my digital works by adding interactiviy, easier access to core content of the artwork and a variety of other customized features. Today is merely the pre-prototype and presentation of the idea - eventually more will come. 

11:11pm:
Wish me luck - I'm about to put this on-chain!

June 11, 2025 - Da Nang, Vietnam
-FNST
--

<!--Dark Horse by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (A Day in the Life):

10:21pm:
Building in silence.

June 17, 2025 - Da Nang, Vietnam

-FNST
--

<!--On Paper by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (Playbook):

"Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery."

Part 2 (Throwback 05-04-2025 10:55am - Sin City):

I've been seeing my neighbor everyday for over a month now - he's in the building next to mine, a level below.
Both of us continuously chainsmoking on our balcony.
Yet, we haven't talked or even say "Hi" despite the daily occurrence of our sights crossing path.
Part of me blame it on my increasingly anti-social vibes.
Part of me blame it on the internet and the ways we live our lives. 

I think I've been wanting to at least give him a nod or a slight hand gesture - something like that...
but for some reason, the shame of the life I live right now is holding me back.
And I feel like it's a little weird after all this silent time to suddenly do something.
Still, I can't stop thinking about how in the older days we would have had dozens of talk already.
I should know his name, where he's from and even what's his work.
Sharing space and sight without sharing a word.

Part 3 (A Day in The Life):

-FNST

--

<!--Debt Sentence by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (The Songs):

One Last Breath by Creed (2001)

"Please come now, I think I'm falling 
I'm holding on to all I think is safe 
It seems I found the road to nowhere 
And I'm trying to escape

I yelled back when I heard thunder 
But I'm down to one last breath 
And with it, let me say 
Let me say

Hold me now 
I'm six feet from the edge and I'm thinking 
Maybe six feet ain't so far down

I'm looking down, now that it's over 
Reflecting on all of my mistakes 
I thought I found the road to somewhere 
Somewhere in His grace

I cried out, "Heaven, save me" 
But I'm down to one last breath 
And with it, let me say 
Let me say

Hold me now 
I'm six feet from the edge and I'm thinking 
Maybe six feet ain't so far down

Hold me now 
I'm six feet from the edge and I'm thinking 
Maybe six feet ain't so far down

I'm so far down

Sad eyes follow me 
But I still believe there's something left for me 
So, please come stay with me 
'Cause I still believe there's something left for you and me 
For you and me 
For you and me 
Hold me now 
I'm six feet from the edge and I'm thinking

Hold me now 
I'm six feet from the edge and I'm thinking 
Maybe six feet ain't so far down

Hold me now 
I'm six feet from the edge and I'm thinking 
Maybe six feet ain't so far down

Please come now, I think I'm falling 
I'm holding on to all I think is safe"

Written by: Mark Tremonti, Scott Stapp 

&

With Arms Wide Open by Creed (2000)

"Well, I just heard the news today 
It seems my life is goin' to change 
I closed my eyes, begin to pray 
Then tears of joy stream down my face

With arms wide open under the sunlight 
Welcome to this place, I'll show you everything 
With arms wide open 
With arms wide open

Well, I don't know if I'm ready 
To be the man I have to be 
I'll take a breath, I'll take her by my side 
We stand in awe, we've created life

With arms wide open under the sunlight 
Welcome to this place, I'll show you everything 
With arms wide open, now everything has changed 
I'll show you love, I'll show you everything 
With arms wide open 
With arms wide open

I'll show you everything, oh yeah 
With arms wide open 
Wide open

If I had just one wish, only one demand 
I hope he's not like me, I hope he understands 
That he can take this life and hold it by the hand 
And he can greet the world with arms wide open

With arms wide open under the sunlight 
Welcome to this place, I'll show you everything 
With arms wide open, now everything has changed 
I'll show you love, I'll show you everything 
With arms wide open 
With arms wide open

I'll show you everything, oh yeah 
With arms wide open 
Wide open"

Written by: Scott A. Stapp, Mark T. Tremonti in 1998

4:41pm:

I don’t recall the last time I was this low in life.

I thought it was earlier this year or last year or the year before or any other for that matter - yet things keeps on getting worse for me here.

5:21pm:

I didn't care about the price of Bitcoin falling tpday, in fact, if it wasn’t of the people talking about it on the timeline I wouldn’t have noticed. I barely own a couple hundred dollars worth of it now and I’ll probably just use it to inscribe the last remaining bits of soul that I have.

5:43pm:

It’s always the same thing, over and over again. I’m back to square one minus all the setbacks. It's bad.

Life is one fight after the other and I have a knack for picking extra fights with myself - go figure!

Nobody knows how bad the situation really is, not even My Love - oh and My Love is about to be gone (she kinda is already), she has had enough of it this time.

I’m bleeding from everywhere.

My Love, my family, my health and money - everything keep slipping away. Or is it just me running towards my own downfall?

Crippled with debts - financial and moral ones.

And it’s always when I lose it all that I’m asking God for forgiveness - but sometimes it’s too late.

A man always end up being confronted to his own fate with no room for escape - that day feels closer to me every breath I take.

Sometimes I think of myself as a cat for all kind of reasons. Tonight, I’m wondering how many of my 9 lives I have left?

Je vis sur du temps emprunté…

If I go, at least there’ll always be echos of my soul embedded in my work of the past 3 years.

I always had this urgency to get things done and document it - it’s probably because deep
down I knew my ship was about to get wreck.

I’m thankful to have found a few people who saw something worthy in me enough to let me keep going all this time.
I needed art to save me again and it did and maybe it still does right now - who knows?!

18:21pm:

Back on January 1st, 2025 - I said that I wanted to become a father this year. Oh boy, I’m so fucking far from this reality right now.
I’m back with the same mindset I had when I was younger, that is: I can’t bring someone into this world if I can’t take care of myself and My Love first.
Worse is I can’t take the chance to give the world another failure like I am... so I wait.. and wait and wait until it's too late.

18:23pm:

The sun is set and the sound of the night comes in...

18:51pm:

Salut Francis, j’espère que tu vas bien. Je m’excuse pour tout et te remerci d’avoir pris soin de la famille comme tu l’as fait depuis toujours. You thought me so many things, and even if I’m still largely failling to apply them most of time, it’s always on my mind to become at least half of the man that you are.

I never truly wished you bad. When I said it, it was merely to show you what it felt like to be treated this way, at a time where you and the others were already doing it. I’m not saying it to justify myself, but rather simply as my attempt to make you understand with some context that I didn’t truly wished you bad. I hesitated about writing this part because to me, it is so silly, and untrue that I forgot I said that. In fact, the only reason I remember this is because mom always bring it up and that’s why I’m writing it here… to make it clear, to you, that I never meant that. Never.

With Arms Wide Open… jte serre dans mes bras. Merci d’avoir été dans ma vie despite the fact that I didn’t earned it nor deserved it. I owe you the world, I owe you the sunny upbringing that I had from the moment you entered my life. I’m deeply grateful for everything, holy shit - I don’t even want to think what my life would have been without you. I can still remember all the shared excitment throughout the years of hockey, summer trips on the US East Coast and family life. You’re a real one. Tu n’es pas seulement un bon père, t’es un bon mari, un bon frere, un bon fils, un bon ami, un bon gars, un bon humain - un model. Merci.

Also, know that the rare time I go lurk on mom’s profile or the sisters’ and I see you all doing well, it brings me real immense joy. The kind of joy I can’t even feel for myself anymore and that’s ok, all I want is for the familly to be happy, healthy and keep going. Et pour Le Loup, I love him dearly… I don’t think he knows, nor that it’s reciprocal but that’s fine, c’est moi le grand frère and I wasn’t a good role
model for him. By the time he was old enough to know, I was already far away and so is he.

You know how I always said that one day when I "make it" (financially) I’ll buy you another Harley-Davidson because you sold yours when we were young to meet your duty as the man of the family… well, even if now I know that making it in life has nothing to do with finance and everything to do with the positive impact you have on this earth - I still intend to honor my words. Always have, always will. And if you’re too old to drive it by the time I get it to you, I hope it’s still fine cuz in the end it’s much more about the meaning and symbol behind the gesture than the material thing.

Tu me manques! Je t’aimes, Papa.

Friday, November 21, 2025 - Puerto Escondido, Mexico

-FNST

-->

<!--Made with JavaScript, Krita & AI --

<!--Smoke Break by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (A Day In The Life):

11:22pm:
This is the mountain view from the balcony at Casa Flamingo.

11:55pm:
Nothing like a smoke break to forget.
Nothing like the high that I get.
Nothing like the trainwreck that I am.
Nothing like a smoke break - I regret.

Monday, November 24, 2025 - Puerto Escondido, Mexico

-FNST

-->

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Paint Engine v0.3 [Jackie's Sample] by Lemonhaze</title>

<!--Paint Engine v0.3 [Jackie's Sample] by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (3 Months):

Three months without a laptop computer... I like numbers, it goes well with v0.3

10:46am:
Sometimes you just feel like the world is staked against you and maybe it is…

11:47am:
some of these people have a way to kill the charm in things - this place is a disease.

1:15pm:
bored to death

1:18pm:
lack of vision for culture building is the disease… 

2:46pm:
There’s a fundamental difference between wanting more and wanting to do more.

7:12pm:
Everybody wants to see me fail

10:08pm:
except her… My Love wants to see me win.. for the money maybe... of course. oh wait.. it's always about the fucking money isn't it? fucking shit

November 28, 2025

3:56am:
I woke up in the middle of the night, around 1am and haven’t fall back asleep since, so I figured it’d be better if I just get up, smoke one, listen to some music, eat something and write.

Watching Him Fade Away by Mac DeMarco is the song playing right as I’m writing this… and it’s funny because it’s so fucking fitting.

4:01am:
I’m smoking in the bathroom of our appartment in Lomas Del Puerto. This appartment is in the same building as I was in the day this on-chain journey started back in February 2023.
We only have the appartment for a couple more weeks, then My Love and I are moving in Casa Flamingo. Just before that, next week we’re going to Mexico City in order to get our Permanent residency… Maybe it is indeed the start of a new journey - or it’s simply one that continues.

4:20am: 
If I die suddenly, know that it was probably not so suddenly… and I’m not talking about suicide here, I love life way too much to end things this way, at least I'd like to think so but I’m probably physically sick for quite some time already.
Can’t tell if it’s the left lung, or in the stomach or something else but now it’s been years that I feel such discomfort and I’m not one to go to the doctor. Sex, Drugs and Rock & Roll…la vrai vie d’artiste, believe me it’s not all shiny.

5:34am:
Just finished eating a miso soup with the left over of chinese (beef brocolis and fried rice) and finished smoking that thing. I wonder if I go back to sleep or if I wait until 7am for the grocery store to open, get some stuff and eat again.

5:55am:
Inside Out by FloFilz ft. Biig Piig
I’m going back to bed.
But first I’ll GM!

22:22pm:
I slept until noon, then went out to get some groceries, stop by the casita and came back home around 4pm - cooked some jasmin rice with a chicken breast, brocolis - all salt, garlic and butter. Then went back to sleep until 9:30pm… I still have so much sleep to catch up.

December 9, 2025

1:01am:
At 34, I felt young again for a moment.

But as Naval said: "The modern devil is cheap dopamine"

and as Dostoevsky said: "The man who has a conscience suffers whilst acknowledging his sin. That is his punishment - as well as prison."

1:23am:
but why am I on repeat?

again it’s time to sleep…

December 10, 2025

2:53pm:
I spend most of my days in bed, doing nothing. 
Sometimes I sleep, sometimes I read and sometimes I write. 

2:58pm:
I can’t tell if God is trying to tell me to stay or to leave.

2:59pm:
Soon, it’s gonna be three months since my laptop isn’t functional. It seems like an eternity.

3:05pm:
Looking for a job is akin to taking the loss - it’s like admitting I failed on this journey. I’m down again. Down for the Fifth Time by Flamingosis. 

3:11pm:
I wish one day I could create things out of joy instead of pain. And frankly, saying this makes me wonder why do I make stuff so colorful sometimes?

3:19pm:
I said it before and I’ll say it again: If they say it’s lonely at the top, I can tell you it’s also lonely all the way up (and down).

3:22pm:
O is supposed to come visit me in Puerto Escondido in early February 2026… I hope I’ll get back on my feet on time to be a good host.

3:24pm:
Jackie reached out a couple days ago about this job to make prints for an hotel in Miami, all I need is to provide the code for the artworks that will be printed physically but I can’t even commit because I don’t have a laptop to work with.

3:35pm:
Christmas without snow isn’t the same.

3:40pm:
Nothing like nothingness.

3:53pm:
Am I always gonna be an outcast?
Most of the things I wanted early on the journey, I don’t want them now…
and I don’t know if I want to entertain the crowd anymore. Reclusion mode.

3:55pm:
Being an artist is not a profession or a job - it’s merely a way of life. A poetic and romanticized way of avoiding useful purpose, in exchange for useless time waste. Or something along those lines.

4:00pm:
I said it in the past: I’m here for the things I’m never gonna see. And it hurts right now realizing that I will likely never taste some of these things I used to secretly wish. My soul is void and the worst is that I still entertain some kind of hope, yes that part is the worst.

4:13pm: 
I think not being able to create/inscribe right now is what bugs me the most - for myself, cuz I need it right now… but also for what it looks like on the outside. I’m afraid people think I stop or some shit like that… but it’s only because I don’t have a laptop…

4:44pm:
Up until the last few days, I hadn’t take the time to generate endless outputs from my recent "Paint Engine" (v0 - v0.1 - v0.2)… but I gotta say, now that I’m doing it (from my phone), I love it.

5:11pm:
With the kind of life I live, I always fear my expiry date comes quick.

9:12pm:
The first time I didn’t know what I was doing
The second time, I didn’t ask for it but I did it
The third time and thereafter, I knew what it was
This was the last time ok?

9:15pm:
Shame and guilt - it’s what I feel about this shit

9:31pm:
She makes me a better man.

9:51pm:
I’m slowly starting to realize and accept that I might never be what and who I think I am. In the end, I’m nobody and that’s ok. At least, most of it is my therapy regardless of the rest.

9:56pm:
I don’t even know what I truly want. 
Apart from being healthy (which I’m not), seeing my family again (which I don’t know when/if it will ever happen) and finally becoming the man that My Love deserves (I have a long way to go before that! and maybe there’s already no chance of recovery) - I don’t even know what I truly want - or do I?

10:46pm:
s’éteindre à petit feu…

11:11pm:
I don’t see light in the tunnel.

December 11, 2025

9:06am:
I woke up about an hour ago… I’m still in bed, I don’t know what to do - nothing interest me these days.

9:08am:
Showing up isn’t enough. One must play by the rules to make it - fuck this shit.

10:26am:
People want money to retire by the beach.
I want money to stop being bored (by the beach) and build shit.

5:45pm:
I just came back from Casa Flamingo, I went to get something to smoke. And now that I’m back in the appartment in Lomas, it struck me how I like my own home (Casa Flamingo). Once the shower is functional and the gas tank installed, we’re good to go…

6:28pm:
I always find a way to make me feel alive just like I look for ways to forget and remember - all at the same time.

6:37pm:
Listening to the entire album titled Jinx by Crumb…

8:23pm:
I want to go back and play again
Just sex all night, all around the place
I want to go back and fly again
The taste of the smoke, rising to my head

Full indulgence, but at what cost?
Nevermind, it feels good to be young again.

I want to feel love and dream big, babe
Smoke and sex - both of us lying down in bed
I want to know why and do it again
The sound of her lips, pushing love downstair

God knows I’m the worst, I know
Life has been catching up, a long time ago.
From coureur de bois to vagabon.
I'm a lost soul, walking out of this world.

Encore une fois, je me soumets à la tentation.
À chaque fois, je ne peux pas dire non.

Coureur de bois? Coureur de jupon?
Un pêcheur de chair et son pêcher mignon.

8:45pm:
Eyes wide shut

11:29pm:
"Dem wird befohlen, der sich nicht selber gehorchen kann." -Friedrich Nietzsche

"He who cannot obey himself will be commanded." -Friedrich Nietzsche

Friday, December 12, 2025

4:02pm:
I miss her. Everytime she’s away, it feels too long and I’m falling further down.

4:56pm:
I hope people don’t think I paused making shit because the market is quiet..

6:37pm:
I need God.

6:06pm:
You want great art, but you also want someone that conforms. That’s a conundrum.

7:35pm:
Consistency is futile… people will only remember the good for a moment and forget about it the next day - everything fades except the bad things, these stays!

9:01pm:
Action speaks louder than words.

11:41pm:
Stay true to yourself and flexible enough to adjust/learn.

Monday, December 15, 2025

12:44am:
It’s never gonna be enough, so might as well fuckoff.

9:46pm:
She said that I do not love, that I only lust.

9:47pm:
"What is hell? I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love." - Fyodor Dostoevsky

Tuesday, December 16, 2025

10:30pm:
My flight to CDMX is taking off as I’m writting this line. If all goes as planned, by the end of the week I should have my permanent residency as well as a new Macbook Pro to finally think about getting back to work. Can’t wait to see My Love again, it’s been a little over 2 weeks she was gone on a retreat for her work.

Wednesday, December 17, 2025

11:08pm:
When even the night next to her isn’t enough to make me forget, what am I supposed to do?

Thursday, December 18, 2025

7:24am:
The dumber, the better - welcome to our world.

7:35am:
We’re on our flight back from CDMX to PXM.

Saturday, December 20, 2025

11:55am:
Finally had the chance to start installing and prepping my new laptop to get it ready to create again. Oh my fucking God, it’s almost as good as the sex I had this morning. Enjoying the little things right now… My Love, my laptop and now smoking a good one on the rooftop.

Sunday, December 21, 2025

2:37am:
We could be alone together but I’m alone by myself - looking at the stars.

2:39am:
Felt good to get back to working from a laptop and actually getting into the code, the colors and all… fuck I love this shit. It’s as addictive as the other things… thankfully art save me again.

3:20am:
Time to sleep.

10:01am:
Today we're officially moving in Casa Flamingo and giving back the keys of our appartment.

Tuesday, December 23, 2025

12:41pm:
"I’m sorry, but the audience will have to be the one to adapt" -Hideaki Anno

Wednesday, December 24, 2025

9:51am
Joyeux Nöel à la famille and to My Love who’s still sleeping :)

Thursday, December 25, 2025

10:25am:
It's a wrap!

Sunday, December 28, 2025 - Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico

-FNST
-->

<!--vanilla javascript--

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Paint Engine v0.3.1 [Max Colors] by Lemonhaze</title>

<!--Paint Engine v0.3.1 [Max Colors] by Lemonhaze-->

<!--
Part 1 (Year 2025):

I don't remember much of what I wrote in Gentleman SE25 but I know I'm still not a father...

One year gone too fast but despite it all, good things materialized.

Grateful to my loyal entourage.

Grateful to My Love.

I'm still here talking to myself, I know.

I'm still here even if the crowd decided to go.

I'm still here dreaming in the shaddow.

I'm still here even if I lost the war.

I'm still here inscribing.

Another drug, I know.

6:21pm:
There are two kinds of silence: The cold one and the one when you’re building.

8:52pm:
We just finished eating - marinated chicken breast cooked over ember with rice and a bit of veggies.
Just enjoying the little things of human life.
Starting a fire, cooking, eating and looking at the stars with My Love.

Sunday, December 28, 2025

4:49pm:
I'm starting to realize that I don't necessarily have specific style, taste, or preferences.
I simply enjoy navigating different themes and constraints.

10:18pm:
now is the time to keep going

11:03pm:
but don't let it consume you to the point of having no more battery
because then it will stop consuming you entirely

Tuesday, December 30, 2025

2:09am:
So by HNNY

Wednesday, December 31st, 2025 - Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico

-FNST
-->

<!--vanilla javascript

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta
    />
    <!--BEST BEFORE by Lemonhaze & ORDINALLY-->

    <!--

Prelude:

"The concept?

Art for art’s sake, art that is timeless,
art with the guts to make you feel
uncomfortable with the truth
most people won’t say." 

- December 24, 2024 11:43 AM (Phú Quốc, Vietnam)

This was the very first spark. Before 'Best Before' 

I heard people say "art is all about concept now"

or "art on bitcoin must use the chain data" bla bla bla...

I was somewhat irritated. A concept? Futile!

Using the data just for the sake of it? Not exactly for me.

What does it even mean?!! To me. To you. To us, as human beings.

Some many questions and life went on...

January, February, March, April - oh God it was Rock and Roll!

It's morning, April 29th I left Thailand for Hong Kong a couple of days ago.

Did it again right on arrival. Things have gotten this wild.

Now I'm starting to think about how quickly things can turn bad in life.

You always think it's not gonna happen to you - but what if it does?! Lingering thoughts kept knocking at my door. 

I'm circling back to old conversations with my childhood friend about how genetic play a large role in health.

And the other variables and intangibles of life that impact and determine one's fate.

I always mention the example of the person who had an healthy lifestyle but got hit by a car at 24.

Versus that son of a bitch who drank and smoked since he's 10 years old and lives until he's 89.

The chain and my work might last but I'm fucking things up right now.

Letting myself die... no! Even worse - accelerating my own demise.

This time I more strongly realize how time is passing by. 

For myself and for the one I love - my family that I miss dearly.

Again, so many questions... but now I have an idea.

Or should I say, a "concept".

I want the work to be more human and expire just like we do.

Suddenly I need the chain to determine fate and keep track of time.

April 29, 2025 - 1:24pm:

Hello sir! Hope you’re doing great. 

(...)

◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️

Part 1 (First steps):

L:
April 29, 2025 - 1:24pm:

Hello sir! Hope you’re doing great.

I’m reaching out cuz I’m flirting with an idea/concept for a new work that would require chain interactivity (which is beyond my depth), and so I was wondering if you could be the right person (complementary) to make this thing come to life with me?

While I’m still in the very early stages of brainstorming and iterating on the details of this potential project, here’s a brief overview of the general idea:

“Best Before” (temporary title):

Artworks with a date of expiration. Quite literally.

Each piece (inscription) has its own expiration date in Bitcoin block height, randomly determined at birth (mint/inscribe) within a given set of parameters.

Once expired, the original visual (artwork) should change to display “EXPIRED” on a plain black background – and nothing else – aka the artwork is now gone, and all we see is that plain 'EXPIRED'.

My goal here is to explore the contrast between Bitcoin’s promise of permanence and the reality that we, humans, have an expiration date (death) embedded in our DNA from birth (even if that date is unknown)...

Permanence vs. Impermanence.

example of artwork outputs (image below)
---

I have quite a few more things in my mind already, but these are the big lines to give you an idea of the technical work required.

Timeline? I'm flexible but aiming to bring this to term sometimes during the summer late-July-ish...

I haven't talked about this project with anyone yet - other than you, here, in this message.

And if it's not your thing, not possible, or any reasons, I will totally understand and respect the decision - but still feel free to point me in another potential direction if you know of one.. (ex: Lifo was the 2nd on my list to reach out after you)

Thanks in advance.

Cheers.

-Lemon

O:
April 29, 2025 - 1:28pm

Love the concept. With some flexibility on timeline like you say this would be interesting for me - the next 2-3 weeks are already really busy for me, but for a launch in July or so it should work.

Let me think through the technical work a bit, but at first glance it sounds doable and conceptually very interesting.

O:

June 12, 2025 - 9:14 PM

Hey! How are things looking on your end? I'd have capacity starting from next week to start digging into this. Just talking to Danny, exciting to see you in the Artist Circle...

L:
June 12, 2025 - 11:49 PM

Hey mate! Things have been good - a bit busy with making my new website hopefully I can get things to work "fine enough" to deploy a first mini version this weekend and be ready to focus on this next week - if anything maybe from Wednesday if things dont work out as planned for my site ahah But yeah, next week Ill be good to put my mind officially on this!

O:
June 13, 2025 - 3:11 PM
No rush, Wednesday is good for me. If you want, we could have a call to kick things off? But we can also do things async, both are fine for me.

L:
June 13, 2025 - 3:13 PM
Lets make a first intro call yes 😄 - but then we can work async its fine. I’m in Vietnam UTC+7

◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️

Part 2 (A Day in the Life of Lemonhaze and Ordinally: The Journey to "Best Before"):

Based on the full conversation log from April to September 2025, here's a narrative reconstruction of a typical "day" in the life of Lemonhaze (L) and Ordinally (O), two collaborators forging an innovative Bitcoin Ordinals art project called "Best Before." This isn't a literal 24-hour snapshot but a composite drawing from their ongoing exchanges, capturing the essence of their creative process, technical challenges, and community interactions. The log reveals a blend of artistic iteration, technical problem-solving and personal reflections.

#### Morning: Brainstorming and Iteration (Creative Flow and Feedback)
The day often begins with Lemonhaze sharing new sketches, code snippets, or visual experiments, reflecting his immersive, iterative approach to art. He sends images of evolving artwork—organic shapes, dynamic textures, and effects like the "wobble" or emboss, aiming to make paintings feel "alive." For example, on June 19, L muses about breaking the grid or using WebGL to enhance the "living" quality, inspired by themes of impermanence versus Bitcoin's permanence. His excitement is palpable, describing breakthroughs as "caveman discovering fire" moments (e.g., August 18, refining textures). This creative drive is evident in L's reflection on June 25: "How can I paint, without having to justify myself or without making something that is 'too deliberately' (perhaps 'too obvious' is better term) in line with the original concept, that it would make it just unoriginal in the end?"

Ordinally, the technical anchor, responds with tools and insights, such as a beta function for expiry date distributions or a visualizer app to simulate lifetimes (June 19). Their Discord exchanges show a rhythm of async collaboration: L works in vanilla JavaScript (eschewing p5.js), while O tests on regtestnet, proposing ideas like child inscriptions for activation (July 16) or linguistic symmetry (SEALED to OPEN to EXPIRED). They debate concepts like collector-driven randomness, ensuring the artwork's lifecycle—pre-activation, alive, expired—mirrors the project's theme. O's input often grounds the vision, as seen on July 4: "The more I work on this, the more I think the core concept is really strong - the irreplaceable value of the time we have in our life, and the strong call to 'carpe diem' - use the time before you expire..."

Permanence vs. Impermanence. L explores Bitcoin's eternal blockchain against human mortality, while O ensures the tech aligns, using random seeds from child inscription IDs and bathtub curves for death rates. This duality is highlighted in O's July 29 suggestion: "We could also have the collector input a seed - that is then inscribed into their piece - and then mixed with a future blockhash," emphasizing the blend of human choice and blockchain determinism. The morning sets the tone for a partnership where L's intuitive artistry sparks ideas, and O provides practical feedback.

#### Midday: Technical Hurdles and Optimizations (The Grind)
Afternoons are consumed by technical challenges and performance tweaks. L grapples with texture optimizations, often doing late changes like removing white edges (August 18) or rethinking swirls (July 29). L shares his struggles on July 31: "I have some crazy (unreleased) set of texture function, but they are quite heavy and slow to render, that it makes it impracticable yet for inscriptions... I still need to find better ways to optimize the code etc.. but I'm not so good at that yet ahahah." O dives into profiling, suggesting optimizations like Uint32 views for pixel operations or moving swirls to WebGL shaders to cut load times (July 28). His "quantized" swirl, initially an optimization attempt, sparks a creative pivot, leading to a 50/50 blend of "L-Swirl" and "O-Swirl" (July 29), though L later leans toward his original for consistency (August 20).

They refine parameters: minimum lifetime (2 weeks), maximum (90 years), and a survival curve with a "golden era" (3-60 years of relative calm) and 0.69% immortals. O runs simulations on regtestnet, while L tests hundreds of outputs, trimming palettes from 49 to 45 to balance variety and coherence (August 24-28). O's custom "Long Canyon" palette, derived from his inscribed photograph (August 27), adds a personal touch. Insights from O's palette tool underscore their methodical approach: "The ΔE is essentially a measure of 'perceptive distance'... I'd say anything above ΔE of 10 is pretty clearly distinguishable," helping ensure palette diversity (August 27). Technical discussions extend to fixing edge continuation for seamless textures (June 24) and debating 3D showroom views (June 25), with both opting for 2D to avoid distractions from the core concept.

They share music (L's Jkriv, O's Nils Frahm, July 2-4), mention hikes or fevers (August 1), and weave in personal anecdotes, grounding the technical grind in human connection. O's August 21 note on recording limitations—"Recording is hard... in-browser it's super hard if not impossible to do well"—reflects the shared frustration and resilience in overcoming tech barriers, including experimenting with progressive rendering to mitigate initial load times (September 12-15).

#### Afternoon: Community Engagement and Planning (Building Momentum)
Afternoon exchanges shift toward community and logistics. They coordinate parent inscriptions and plan a Signals phase for price discovery (September 8-22, targeting a mid-September mint). L proposes embedding timestamps of their chats in the code as a "making of" easter egg (August 25), while O suggests a Q&A to explain the game theory of collector activation (August 12). They discuss platforms for child inscriptions, favoring flexibility (August 14).

L shares outputs subtly on Twitter/X to gauge reception (July 19), while O engages trusted collaborators like Steven from Ancora for feedback on survival curves (August 15). They balance artistic integrity with market realities, debating supply (222 vs. 420) and pricing, aiming for accessibility without chasing hype (July 29). L's July 9 scheduling dilemma—pushing "Best Before" to late August to build momentum after another release—shows strategic foresight: "Let's use that as a starting point to perhaps get a bit of attention towards and build momentum for that larger release that we're currently working on." Unfolding ideas, like collector rituals (unsealing at specific blocks like 888,888) and gallery commitments to display until expiry (September 4), add layers of cultural potential, emphasizing community-driven storytelling.

#### Evening: Finalizing and Reflecting (Nearing the Finish Line)
Evenings focus on wrapping up tasks. L finalizes palettes, recorder tweaks, and his Gentleman remix (August 17), while O completes simulations and tests progressive rendering to mitigate load times (August 9). They settle on a 420-piece supply, and plan a two-week Signals phase to build anticipation. L's excitement peaks, likening himself to a "kid on Christmas Eve" (August 30), while O reflects on a "super productive summer" with lessons learned (August 30). Final tweaks include enhancing textures with an emboss effect (September 18) and debating progressive rendering for smoother unseal experiences (September 12-15), culminating in a refined build with timelapse options.

They navigate external pressures. Their shared vision—quality over hype, authenticity over market pandering—keeps them aligned. L's August 20 insight on outputs—"The more I generate output with the latest version... the more I fail to find outputs I dislike"—captures the project's maturation.

This "day" captures a dynamic partnership blending L's intuitive, iterative artistry with O's structured, technical precision. "Best Before" evolves from a conceptual exploration of mortality and permanence to a technically sophisticated project with collector-driven activation and a robust novel features. Their collaboration thrives on mutual respect, shared enthusiasm (e.g., music exchanges, palette creation), and a commitment to pushing Ordinals' boundaries. Ultimately, their process embodies the project's core: embracing life's fleeting nature while etching enduring value on Bitcoin.

◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️

Part 3 (OPEN):

Early July, we faced one of the most crucial problems of all: when and how to start the clock?

O and I shared a few ideas but nothing conclusive yet - we needed more time...

And then, boom! July 16th arrived.

O dropped in our chat and tells me all about this child activation thing he's been brainstorming with Nick a few days before while discussing potential mint/inscribing options.

Admittedly, it took me a good 20 minutes to wrap my head around the implications of it all - but once it clicked, I was in awe.

One of the things I like the most about "generative art" is seeing the collectors involved in the generation and randomness of the piece itself - and now collectors were gonna have absolute control over when to start the clock: I'm in love!!!🤌

Suddenly, I can see all sorts of cool game theory and approaches to collecting this already exciting piece of art we were working on.

Are you gonna keep it SEALED?

What if it's EXPIRED in a few months?

And what if it's immortal? 

As always, so many questions but exciting ones.

Since each inscription can remain SEALED for decades/centuries, the collection was no longer going to end in 90 years.

'Best Before' became exponentially more timeless and appealing to collect on that day.

◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️

Part 4 (PERFORMANCE):

"Best Before"...

It's not just code. Not just concept.

Each piece is a living system.

A ritual, a story, a self-contained performance art.

Museums, galleries, collectors, performers: everyone can play a role in shaping how these works live and die.

SEALED = latent performance
The collector decides when to press play. That decision alone (time, place, context) is part of the art.

UNSEALING = act of theater
Whether in private or in public, that single gesture is performance.

The lifespan = durational art
Once opened, the piece lives - each block unfolding the performance.

EXPIRY = finale
Not just code executing, but a literal ending that deserves celebration.

Something like the banana on the wall - but instead of tape, you’ve got Bitcoin block time itself as the medium.

Picture this:

A collector activates a piece. 
In a gallery. 
Crowd gathers.
The block hits: the work is born - expiry? 8 months!
Eight months later? Same crowd returns.
Final block arrives: the work expires.
Curtain closes.

And this is just on the surface...

Here are some more ideas that we've brought up so far:

Vernissage & Finissage

Traditional exhibitions have openings and closings. Here, the artwork itself dictates both. A piece is unveiled at the vernissage (unsealed live), and years later the exhibition ends with the actual expiry - the piece itself shutting the lights off.

Collector Rituals

Collectors can turn their choice into a cultural and networked event. "I'll unseal my piece at block 888,888." The community shows up. It becomes folklore. Think of card-pack opening streams - but with way higher stakes.

Lottery Theater

Every birth is a surprise. Two weeks? Ten years? An immortal? Stream it! Let the randomness play out in front of an audience or something else you come up with. Let people cheer or gasp as fate is revealed. 

Festival Format

Organize an event. A whole fair where collectors unseal their works live on stage. Each one unique, each one unpredictable. The exhibition is the act of activation.

Gallery Commitments

A gallery pledges: "We'll keep this piece live on display until it dies". Whether that’s 2 weeks or 20 years. That promise itself becomes part of the art.

Museum Insurance

Museums could issue contracts: if an immortal emerges, they guarantee to house it forever. The museum becomes the afterlife caretaker of an artwork that will never expire.

--- SO MUCH MORE CAN BE DONE IT'S UP TO OUR IMAGINATION!!! ---

◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️

Part 5 (VISUAL):

Before and After:

Just like the idea evolved - so did the visual.

In my first message to O, I included a sketch (April 29) with an expiry date stamped at the bottom. I still had no clue what I really wanted to do for the visual - in fact, I have to admit my first thought was to make the work as boring/ugly as possible to focus on the concept and go full satirical - but one might say, I was talked out of it!

O:
June 12, 2025 - 9:14 PM
"Hey! How are things looking on your end? I'd have capacity starting from next week to start digging into this."

Shortly after, we had a good first call covering all sorts of things - and what stuck with me the most was our shared enthusiasm for the journey ahead of us.

At the time I was just finishing my new website, a learning experience that opened my eyes to all the possibilities of creating in vanilla JavaScript without relying on external libraries - so at least I knew I wanted to keep going in that direction. But nothing more.

I’m not a coder by any means but little by little over the years, I’m learning and building my own little weird system that allows me to do what I call: painting.

This time I had to start over.

⸻

L:
June 25 - 2:02 PM:
"How can I paint, without having to justify myself or without making something that is 'too deliberate' (perhaps 'too obvious' is the better term) in line with the original concept, that it would make it just unoriginal in the end?"

L:
August 20 - 3:22 PM:
"I wanted to paint without having to justify - all I needed was for the work to be alive. It was summer 2025."

⸻

I started from scratch and shared various iterations with O along the way - right after the first week.

I very rarely, if ever, ask for feedback for my work - but knowing we're going full long-form - I make exceptions. 

O never disappoints with his inputs - always very pertinent without interfering in my own raw approach to creating.

As summer went by, deep down I was not satisfied with the work yet (June 30) even if out loud I was saying otherwise. But on our first call, O said we didn't need to rush anything - so I took his words for cash and took my time.

O kept himself busy over the summer with the family and inscribing like he always does - the George Martin of Ordinals.

On my end, I had my first solo show in Montreal - all the while continuing my creative exploration outside the 'Best Before' code.

I needed a little get away after all…

And so between July and early August as I was working on some stuff I had this "caveman discovering fire" moment - suddenly I had new ideas on how to craft my textures.

I was enjoying the latest breakthroughs, but didn't dare to try these new textures on the 'Best Before' code.

Until I did...

L:
August 18, 2025 - 8:19 PM
"I think you're gonna hate me"

At least now I was truly satisfied and ready to move forward with getting things done for real.

It was going to be the current and final iteration of Best Before.

Or was it? Yes and No

Believe it or not - we are still here making the most out of the time we have left before we put this one on-chain.

Elevating and polishing till the end.

◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️◻️

Part 6:

INDIVIDUAL THOUGHTS & LAST LOGS

O:
August 30, 2025 - 1:00 PM
Flag-planting is vital: it tells us there’s land. Map-making is culture: it tells us how to live there. Good ecosystems honor the dash and the draft; canons accrue to atlases.

L:
August 30, 2025 - 2:08 PM
Yesterday I realized how everything is fragile.
One move away from everything vanishing - or flourishing.

L:
August 30, 2025 - 2:58 PM

I had it all.
My works flying in China.
"Minute, papillon!" qui s'envolent.

Consequences for what? 
"Not speaking up!"
Now risking it all for the brawl.

I should be careful, I know.
"Lemon, speak up or you are corrupt!".
Fuck off! I'm sticking to my guns with my rock.

L:
August 30, 2025 - 3:29 PM
There's always a thin line between what kills you and what keeps you alive.
Reflecting on the past few months, it was an elevating experience. 
Now is it gonna be a success at the box office?

L:
August 30, 2025 - 6:34 PM
You’re living it, whether you know it or not.

L:
September 4, 2025 - 11:21 AM
Perspective is everything.
If it looks good at first glance.
Now I have to get back to business.

O:
September 5, 2025 - 11:38 PM
Rhythm is mercy. We are not built for one endless register. Limits give shape.

L:
September 8, 2025 - 5:57 PM
Contrary to my habits, I don't care how much pieces I own from this one, I'll buy how much as I want on secondary if I'm happy with the raise. They don't know it yet but I'm the one auditioning the market with this release.

L:
September 20, 2025 - 22:02 PM
I have a good and a bad news.
The good news is: I won't be complaining.
The bad news is: I won't be complaining.

L:
September 20, 2025 - 22:13 PM
I kinda feel bad for O. He woke up today feeling happy and excited for it all - and don't get me wrong - I feel exactly the same about the work.
I'm really proud of what we did. But this time, despite what I said - the financials are more important than they ever were before.
I've set myself a threshold for the target raise of this release and it's nowhere near - not even close.
At least now I really know what the market think I'm worth...

L:
September 20, 2025 - 22:22 PM
I was always fine with earning less than I usually do (outside of art) in order to focus on my craft full-time - but the buffer I allowed myself to burn is now EXPIRED!
It's kind of beautiful isn't it? The expiry of my own journey perfectly timed with the release of a work that expires. A performance within the performance. I will enjoy the silence. Will you?
Maybe I'll be more like a normal person now, instead of fueling my own obsessive delusion.
And if I ever have time for this shit again, you'll find me on-chain - nowhere else.
But first I have to get back to real life for a few years and refill the war chest.
Because NEVER AGAIN I will sell my works to the public. You better believe it.

L:
September 20, 2025 - 9:02 AM (11:02 PM)
Yes the timestamps are weird, I'm currently in the air, flying back from Asia to Mexico and I already switched the clock on my phone.

Tired Boy by Joey Pecoraro (song)

L:
September 21, 2025 - 1:15 PM
My Dear O, it was an honor and pleasure to do this one with you. Thank you for everything.

L:
September 21, 2025 - 1:27 PM
Somehow, I'm back to square one: as down as I was when the ideas for Best Before originally came to me.

EXPIRED.

O:
September 22, 2025 - 1:32 AM
Received Lemonhaze’s raw diary - to be included with Best Before - last night. Heavy reading before sleep; not much of it after.
This corner of Bitcoin art is still preciously early. Grateful for everyone who’s stayed, and to our backers on Signals/Gamma. Thank you 

L:
September 22, 2025 - 4:20 PM
Big thank you to the entire team at Gamma for doing God's work during the whole process of this release and more broadly for Art on Bitcoin over the past few years. Nick, Brett, Albert, Carole and everyone else involved - you are heroes, and I'm deeply grateful to have you around. 

L:
September 22, 2025 - 4:37 PM
Finally, thank you to all the collectors who made it possible for me to live my dream over the past couple of years. I'm deeply grateful for everything and wish you all the best for the road ahead. Cheers to you my friends.

L:
September 22, 2025 - 4:50 PM
Today I cried. I don't remember when was the last time I did. This reality pains me, you have no idea. Believe me when I say I wish it could be otherwise, but the number one rule is to survive.

-FNST
-->

<!--Hosoi by Lemonhaze--> 2023
<!--Sometimes it can be dark, yet there's always a thin line between what kills you and what keeps you alive. I can't tell anymore where it all begun - addiction. Feels like my life is slowly drifting away - I'm losing sight of literally everything. Maybe I'm the one not seeing clear after-all. I pushed them away and now I need to her let go, for her own good. I can't tell if staying is selfish or just a sign I don't want to give up. I have to admit, sometimes I'm lost. - FNST-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link and press 'S' on you keyboard to download the high resolution PNG (6400x3600) -->

<!--Paris by Lemonhaze--> 2023
<!--"One day we're gonna live in Paris 
 I promise 
 I'm on it 
 When I'm bringing in the money 
 I promise 
 I'm on it"-->
 <!--Go to the official ordinals content link and press 'S' to download the high resolution 3600 x 3600 PNG-->
 <!--Je m'excuse d'etre la, mais pas la en meme temps. Je ne sais pas quoi faire d'autre, I want it so bad. J'espere que tu comprends, je t'aime. FNST -->

<!--Volatility #1 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Marina, Ericka, Louka, I love you and I miss you - FNST-->

<!--Volatility #2 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!--CONSTANCE-->

<!--Volatility #3 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!-- Je t'aime, maman. J'espere que tu vas bien. Tu me manques. Cette piece etait censee etre le numero 0 de cette collection, mais pour une raison quelconque, j'ai load le mauvais fichier et les numeros 1 et 2 ont ete graves (inscribed) en premier avant que je puisse te mettre en premier, mais j'ai ensuite realise que c'etait simplement parce que le numero 3, c'est a toi.  Je t'embrasse et te serre fort dans mes bras. FNST-->

<!--Volatility #7 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!-- L'histoire du mastodonte, quand j'etais jeune avec mon pere, Guy, on jouait dans le lac a sauter et se plaquer chest a chest comme des animals et on criait "mastodonte" lol Mon pere me poussais tjrs au maximum, dans tout et je voulais toujours lui montrer que j'etais le meilleur, dans tout. Merci de m'avoir donner cette soif dand la vie. Papa, Je t'aime. FNST -->

<!--Volatility #6 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!-- God Forgive Me for having a short temper - FNST-->

<!--Volatility #5 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!--Random Access Beach-->

<!--Volatility #8 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!-- Francis, SIX, Ti-D, mon pere (officiallement, mon beau-pere) celui qui ma donne toute ce que mon pere biologique, Guy, n'a jamais su/pu me donner. Je te pardonne pour les dernieres annees et je te remercie pour les 25 d'avant. Je t'aime Francis - FNST-->
<html><head><meta charset="utf-8"><style>body{margin:0;}</style></head><body><div id="scene"></div><script>

<!--Volatility #9 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!--You know the old man, always alone in the movie "Home Alone", the one that scared Kevin in the beginning. The old man hadn't seen his family for years. When I was younger I watched this movie a lot and thought to myself "How can someone be mad at their own family to a point where they no longer talk to each other for years". Yet, here I am today, in the same position as the old man. Writing is painful. I guess I just want them to know I love them. FNST-->
<html><head><meta charset="utf-8"><style>body{margin:0;}</style></head><body><div id="scene"></

<!--Volatility #10 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!-- Beach life, Dip buy-->

<!--Volatility #11 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!--"This is grade:A, 100% pure Colombian cocaine, ladies and gentlemen. Disco shit. Pure as the driven snow.-->

<!--Volatility Recursion by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!-- I always wondered "how" were the people back in the days, for example 200-500-1000 years ago. Now I think it's always more or less the same. Everything, or at least almost everything in life is mathematic. Reality minus expectaction = happiness, at any point in time. If you read this from the future, hello my dear friend, may this world bring you the joy that I have the chance to appreciate today. FNST -->

<!--Volatility Lust by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!--God Forgive My Sins -FNST-->

<!--Volatility Double Down by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!--Do you buy the fear?-->

<!--Volatility Sunrise Boulevard by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!-- Amazing time in Surfers Paradise, Australia (and everywher else in Australia :):) ) with Cathy and Kbert - FNST-->
<html><head><meta charset="utf-8"><style>body{margin:0;}</style></head><body><div id="scene"></div><script>

<!--Volatility Self-Portrait by Lemonhaze-->
<!--A generative reflection of life's inherent ups and downs, of the oscillations in mood and spirit that we all endure. Just as markets surge and plummet, so do our emotions, hopes, and dreams. Volatility is a representation of the peaks of euphoria and the troughs of despair. It's personal, yet universal - a testimony to the wild ride that is life and the quest for balance in the midst of chaos-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link using the ID of this inscription and press 'S'to download the high resolution 7200x9000 PNG-->
<!-- I guess that makes it a Lemonhaze by Lemonhaze? Have a wonderful evening, stranger. FNST-->

<!--Oaxaca Curated #0 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Viva Oaxaca, Muchas Gracias por su hospitalidad-->

<!--Zero by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Downtown-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link and press 'S' to download the high resolution 6400 x 3600 PNG-->
<!--ngl I'm starting to crave the city lately, I might go spend a few days in CDMX next week to get my fix lol - FNST -->

<!--Good Night by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Downtown-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link and press 'S' to download the high resolution 6400 x 3600 PNG-->
<!--Been working on stuff all past days, and forgot to inscribe this piece, here it is - FNST -->

<!--Quartier dix30 by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6000x6000 high resolution PNG-->
<!--I don't remember too much about this part of my life - or at least I don't want to remember too much of it. I always preferred the old port of Montreal anyway. - FNST-->
<html><head><meta charset="utf-8"><style>body{margin:0;}</style></head><body><div id="scene"></

<!--Avant le Crepuscule by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6000x6000 high resolution PNG-->
<!--I feel like there's this whole other life waiting for me on the other side of that sunset, but I can't tell what it is, and if it's something I want. All I know is that tomorrow is gonna be the 10th Anniversary of my relationship with Cathy. Je t'aime, mon coeur. It's crazy how time is passing by. We're young when we met, and yet despite being salt and pepper I still see us as being young. What if we can have it all? FNST

<!--La Pomme Pourrite by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6000x6000 high resolution PNG-->
<!--She saw more than a rotten apple in this young man - 10 years later she's still here despite everything. She's my reason to become a gentleman. Merci d'etre toujours dans ma vie et de me rendre meilleur. Et j'espere te rendre la pareil durant notre vie. Je t'aime mon coeur - FNST

<!--Lost Island by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6000x6000 high resolution PNG-->
<!-- Rien de tel que de vivre d'amour et d'eau fraîche, de passer nos journées au lit à faire l'amour, voire même à le faire en pleine nature. Une pensée pour l'Île Notre-Dame et Hamilton Island. - FNST

<!--Popsicle Love by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6000x6000 high resolution PNG-->
<!--Summer air, sunglass and smile. Your kiss ain't cold, it's melting my heart like a popsicle. FNST

<!--Plage et pastel by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6000x6000 high resolution PNG-->
<!--Solitude and loneliness aren't mutually exclusive. FNST -

<!--Je me souviens plus by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6000x6000 high resolution PNG-->
<!--My mom wants to talk to me, she passed the message through Cathy - it's been a while since last time I spoke to her, even longer that I've seen her (and them) physically - 28 months now. Parfois jarrive a tout oublier mais quand jy pense je me sens boulverser. Time is passing by - What a fucked up life. FNST

<!--S'egarer by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 6000x6000 high resolution PNG-->
<!--Am I losing the plot? Am I still the local joke? Sometimes I think I fly under the radar, but in reality I'm just completely ignored by everyone. I said it before and I'll say it again: If you're not part of the club they are not gonna give you an inch. - FNST-->

<!--Primitive by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG. Additionally you will find the original digitally hand drawn 288x512 sketch in the form of base64 code directly in the p5js code-->
<!--This is the first of many artworks to come. The urge to inscribe needs to be satisfied by finding new ways to create. Small digitally hand drawn compositions, upscaled and texturized using p5js script. This work is both the result of my work on p5js textures the past few months and a continuation on my ideas on composition and shapes arrangement.-->
<!--Are we human or are we animals? - FNST-->

<!--Bacocho by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG. Additionally you will find the original digitally hand drawn 288x512 sketch in the form of base64 code directly in the p5js code-->
<!--I'm not the first anything, but I'm still here making shit for real - FNST-->

<!--Coral by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG. Additionally you will find the original digitally hand drawn 288x512 sketch in the form of base64 code directly in the p5js code-->
<!--Feels good to be digitally hand drawing after all this time focusing on code - now I get to merge old and new tools together. I'm already nostalgic looking at pieces from just a few months ago, remembering each little milestones followed by this never ending chase for more. - FNST

<!--L'Abreuvoir by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG. Additionally you will find the original digitally hand drawn 288x512 sketch in the form of base64 code directly in the p5js code-->
<!-- Celle-la est pour mon grand chum David "Ti-Coq" Savard-->

<!--La Carte by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG. Additionally you will find the original digitally hand drawn 288x512 sketch in the form of base64 code directly in the p5js code-->
<!--Travailler fort pour ensuite recolter les fruits de son labeur. Mais est-ce vraiment le cas pour les ouvriers? FNST -->

<!--Desinvolte by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG. Additionally you will find the original digitally hand drawn 288x512 sketch in the form of base64 code directly in the p5js code-->
<!--I do fucked up shit as if it was nothing. May god forgive all my sins and take good care of her with love, health and happiness. - FNST-->

<!--Les Tombeaux by Lemonhaze-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG. Additionally you will find the original digitally hand drawn 288x512 sketch in the form of base64 code directly in the p5js code-->
<!--I think I'm gonna die soon. The reality is that my health has been going downhill for the past 5 years. My drug addiction just won't leave me, and when I don't do the hard stuff I end up chain smoking marijuana from the moment I wake up in the morning to the moment I go back to sleep at night. Karma is real I can confirm. -FNST-->
<!--"Karma is just you, repeating your patterns, virtues, and flaws until you finally get what you deserve." quote by Naval-->

<!--Printemps by Lemonhaze-->
<!--This is the last piece of this series titled "Candidly Yours" - "Digitally hand drawn and processed with p5js texture filters, this series invites you to take a candid glimpse into the artist's inner thoughts. Each piece serves as a unique snapshot, capturing moments of introspection, inspiration, and personal reflection.-->
<!--Go to the official ordinals content link of this inscription and press 'S' on your keyboard to download the 1800x3200 high resolution PNG. Additionally you will find the original digitally hand drawn 288x512 sketch in the form of base64 code directly in the p5js code-->
<!--I feel good when I'm sober, comme le printemps apres l'hiver -FNST-->

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8"/>
  <title>Gentleman: Special Edition 2026 by Lemonhaze</title>

<!--Gentleman: Special Edition 2026 by Lemonhaze-->

<!--
Part 1 (Blow):

"Sometimes you're flush and sometimes you're bust, and when you're up, it's never as good as it seems, and when you're down, you never think you'll be up again, but life goes on." -Fred Jung (played by Ray Liotta)

Part 2 (The Runner):

Never stop. Keep going. Press on!

Part 3 (A Day in The Life):

12:47am:
I'll find a way.

12:49am:
It's just another year.

Thursday, January 1, 2026 - Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico

-FNST

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Paint Engine v0.6 [Wild Patch] by Lemonhaze</title>

<!--Paint Engine v0.6 [Wild Patch] by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

Part 1 (A Day in The Life):

8:08pm:
Just grateful to be back at working on my stuff.

8:18pm:
I'm gonna put this one on chain and spend the rest of the evening with My Love.

Thursday, January 1, 2026

10:53am:
I had a few more stuff to fix last night so I couldn't inscribe.

10:54am:
Wild Patch it is and Cheers to a new year!

3:01pm:
Been polishing this thing even more, all day long so far - it's getting closer but not quite.

5:08pm:
Showtime!

Friday, January 2, 2026 - Casa Flamingo, Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico.

-FNST

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Paint Engine v0.8 [Under Construction] by Lemonhaze</title>

<!--Paint Engine v0.8 [Under Construction] by Lemonhaze-->

<!--

A Day In The Life:

10:29am:
we're all cringe to someone

10:49am:
two different people, born in two different places
one living in the dirt, forever stuck underfighting 
one living with a silver spoon, gazing at moon at will

11:49am:
More recently, I started to reflect on BEST BEFORE and what it means to me moving forward and beyond.

The realization that almost everything is ephemeral.

Just like in professional sports, from those who make it to the big leagues:
most are just in and out, while some get to have decent careers and a few become legends.

Interestingly, it applies to bunch of other context and area of life.
The people in our entourage, our jobs, our interests - it's everywhere.

The clock is always ticking.
Every good bits must be savored.
Make memories and capture moments.
Give love and attention to the people that matters.

12:16pm:
I’m still here, even without an audience.
I’m still here, documenting my delusions.

9:16pm:
Wilderness, I miss.
January in the cold.
January full of snow.
January in the wood.
Wilderness, I wish.

Saturday, January 3, 2026

12:13pm:
I slept a bit longer this morning, feels good.

12:16pm:
Attention in this world come and go - now it’s low.

1:51pm:
Working on my Paint Engine is bliss.

Sunday, January 4, 2026

7:36am:

Nothing about what I love about Ordinals has changed - documenting on Bitcoin is paramount.

10:30am:
The story unfolds right in front of us
It's real life

5:17pm:
There's something unique and hard to describe
About the act of inscribing my works and my words.

One reason I do it so religiously is perhaps to speak to someone in the future: 
sometimes myself, sometimes others far down the road, long after I'm gone.

This raises the question:
what are the odds of Bitcoin surviving 50 years, 100 years, or 1,000 years? 
The format of the work, the language of the code, the language of the words spoke?

So many questions...

Monday, January 5, 2026

2:04pm:
And we are left with nothing else but memories..

2:31pm:
“Ça c'est du marketing les boys. M-A-R-KETING-KETING-TING”
-Phil dans le film Les Boys.

4:40pm:
The concept?
Art for our time,
art in our hands,
art kind enough
to make us believe
in something again.

Tuesday, January 6, 2026

9:20am:
I don’t have the luxury to skip showing up for six straight months
and simultaneously ensure nobody bats an eye about it.
But oh boy, if I dare saying something wrong:
I’m cancelled… fucking clown world!

Wednesday, January 7, 2026

12:34pm:
Funny how some get a pass
and others don't... I’m taking notes.

2:22pm:
I’m speechless, in the best way possible.
Twenty-twenty-six is off to a good start
My Love just told me she’s pregnant.|
May this be the best thus far.
Thank you My Love.
Thank you God.

3:01pm:
There are moments that quietly redraw the entire map of your life.

7:27pm:
Suddenly, all I feel is joy and hope.
And I can't wait to tell my mom.

Thursday, January 8, 2026

-FNST
-->

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">

<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>Paint Engine v0.9 [ Chasing The Dragon] by Lemonhaze</title>

  <!--Paint Engine v0.9 [Chasing The Dragon] by Lemonhaze-->

  <!--
A Day in The Life:

12:33pm:
Inscribing my soul on-chain
is selfish to the point of becoming selfless.

Saturday, January 10, 2026

4:11pm:
Anyone looking at the chain can see that I NEVER stopped inscribing…

6:13pm:
Self control and general discipline.

Tuesday, January 13, 2026

7:28pm:
Bitcoin is the museum.
Never fucking forget that.

9:41pm:
The true power isn’t in aesthetic or conceptual merit judged by critics, curators, or galleries.
It’s in the act of inscribing itself.
The will to say:
I claim this fraction of block space to record my works immutably and I declare it valuable because I dared to make it so.
Bitcoin doesn’t care if your inscription is "beautiful" or "profound" by old or new standards.
It records only one thing:
that you overcame the difficulty to etch something forever.

Wednesday, Janaury 14, 2026

11:08am:
What is the purpose of an artist?

11:11am:
Art rarely, if ever, inspires me.
Mostly, only life does.

3:10pm:
The answer is none and that's the whole point.

Thursday, January 15, 2026

11:49am:
I got to revamp my website lemonhaze.com
Happy with the results.

12:03pm:
Quesabirrias, muy rico!

12:04pm:
Optimism. 

Sunday, January 18, 2026

12:24pm:
Ride like the wind.

Tuesday, January 20, 2026 - Puerto Escondido, Oaxaca, Mexico

-FNST
